
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001466                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1466014000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 1466014000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              362824283                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 344492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 81024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 82440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 87271                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 81468                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 83154                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 83511                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 83243                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 81362                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               663473                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       418112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5482                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5323                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5338                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5333                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5428                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5332                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5327                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            460955                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  11124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  11230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  11061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  11171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  11117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 88850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5327                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                 55268231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                 56234115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                 59529445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                 55571093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                 56721150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                 56964667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                 56781859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                 55498788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               452569348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         285203279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                 3739391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                 3630934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 3641166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                 3637755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 3702557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                 3637073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                 3601603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                 3633662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              314427420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         285203279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0                59007622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1                59865049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2                63170611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3                59208848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4                60423707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5                60601741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6                60383462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7                59132450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              766996768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        121068                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       119020                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.throughput                    766995404                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               85646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              85644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              42843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             42842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            57248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           46699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             48957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       419616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 419616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1124426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             1124426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1124426                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.snoops_through_bus                56301                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            121068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  121068    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              121068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           476149500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              32.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          322630500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             22.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13552                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  786.290427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     149902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.446132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     730.775276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.840177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.161871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.892698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.763865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.714219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.973391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.262671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.906259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.713648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.767862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1950254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1950254                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  86336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           74514                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                74514                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  330                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  332                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  379                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  363                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  362                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  317                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  363                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2803                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1848                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1894                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14888                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1885                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1879                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1933                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1894                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15189                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              34720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 40666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                40666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        43593500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        43998500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        45727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        43059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        43120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        43827500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        44039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        42172500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     55121000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     55784000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     54929500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     55686500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     54924000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     54520000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     53558500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     55750500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    440274000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     230029000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     231291500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     233753500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     232262000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     233669000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     234419500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     229747500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     230546000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1855718000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        273622500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        275290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        279480500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        275321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        276789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        278247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        273786500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        272718500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2205255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       273622500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       275290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       279480500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       275321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       276789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       278247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       273786500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       272718500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2205255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              92282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        74514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            74514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2235                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2217                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2258                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2250                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17992                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6271                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            49608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              141890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             141890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.064642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.064390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.067264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.063183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.063546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.065155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.065371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.061914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.064433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.852349                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.850248                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.832152                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.839947                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.842731                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.838176                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.859111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.839167                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.844209                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.699610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.698226                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.703751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.700564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.702244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.698134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.694171                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.702412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.699887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.285625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.285924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.289081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.286286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.288561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.287806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.286379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.283141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.286602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.285625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.285924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.289081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.286286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.288561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.287806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.286379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.283141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.286602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 58514.765101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 59217.362046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 58549.295775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 59146.978022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 59149.519890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 58203.851262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 58954.484605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 58572.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58785.233771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28934.908136                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 29593.633952                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 29233.368813                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29231.758530                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28710.925248                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 29077.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 27707.449560                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 29435.322070                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28986.371716                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 53445.399628                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 53428.389928                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 53478.265843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 53430.411778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 53324.737563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 53544.883508                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 53442.079553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 53490.951276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53448.099078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 54193.404635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 54276.419558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54246.991460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54250.443350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54155.546860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54228.610407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54258.125248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54218.389662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54228.470959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 54193.404635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 54276.419558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54246.991460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54250.443350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54155.546860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54228.610407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54258.125248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54218.389662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54228.470959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              6449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                      908                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7.102423                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                  2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                  2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total               8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                  4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                  3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                  4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1905                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1883                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1879                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1904                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1913                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1933                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1894                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15186                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         34712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     34436500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     34879500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     36206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     34201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     34228500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     34696500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     34883500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     33321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276852500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     77532500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     76774000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     76435500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     77640000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     77802000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     76297000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     78806000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     77127500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    618414500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    177611500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    178666500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    180593500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    179431000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    180375000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    181189000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    177424500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    178121500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1433412500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    212048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    213546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    216799500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    213632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    214603500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    215885500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    212308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    211442500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1710265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    212048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    213546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    216799500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    213632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    214603500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    215885500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    212308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    211442500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1710265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    408522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    408718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    409944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    402597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    406388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    405037500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    409992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    408869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3260068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    227084000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    222076000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    221597500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    223921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    226980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    223544500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    219891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    221144500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1786239000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    635606500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    630794000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    631541500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    626518500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    633368000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    628582000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    629883000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    630013500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5046307000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.064382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.064044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.067005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.063010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.063372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.064982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.065109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.061570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.852349                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.849346                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.832152                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.839506                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.842731                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.838176                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859111                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.839167                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844042                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.699122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.698226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.703429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.700564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.702083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.698134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.694009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.702249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.285286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.285698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.288800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.286174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.288392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.287694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.286152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.282860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.285286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.285698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.288800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.286174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.288392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.287694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.286152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.282860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 46410.377358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 47198.240866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 46537.275064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 47108.815427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 47081.843191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 46200.399467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 46886.424731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 46537.709497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46741.938207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 40699.475066                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 40772.172066                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 40678.818520                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 40777.310924                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 40670.151594                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 40691.733333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 40768.753233                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 40722.016895                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40722.672198                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 41295.396419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 41272.002772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41335.202564                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41276.972625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 41172.106825                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 41386.249429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41280.711959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 41337.085171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41294.437082                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42047.987309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42136.148382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42121.527103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42111.571062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42013.214565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42091.148372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42107.893693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42078.109453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42088.470530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42047.987309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42136.148382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42121.527103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42111.571062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42013.214565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42091.148372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42107.893693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42078.109453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42088.470530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.funcbus.throughput                           0                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.funcbus.data_through_bus                     0                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       548567                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       252509                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       294010                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                 22759385654                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             368934                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            368931                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             42843                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            42841                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            74514                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           28540                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28540                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155707                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155704                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       118962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       119173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       119464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       119154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       118978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       119360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       119013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       118881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                952985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1734762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1749843                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1754305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1751569                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1739334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1759819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1742411                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1740191                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           13972234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus              13972234                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        19393344                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops_through_bus              313569                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           548567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.700997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.184770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  51420      9.37%      9.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 243442     44.38%     53.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 138727     25.29%     79.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  68606     12.51%     91.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  30441      5.55%     97.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                  11622      2.12%     99.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                   3640      0.66%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                    669      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             548567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1466016000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization            100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         156116317                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            10.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         156768205                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         156913339                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         156965244                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         156103724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            10.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         156986709                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         156696078                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         156271715                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99418                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53245                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             397.065512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      397.065512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.775519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.775519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              330123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             330123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            35979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           22956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             58935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            58935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            58935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           58935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0   2431275055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2431275055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1798190271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1798190271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   4229465326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4229465326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   4229465326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4229465326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         23998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        23998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           68677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          68677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.805278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.956580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.858148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.858148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 67574.836849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67574.836849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 78332.038291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78332.038291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 71764.916026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71764.916026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 71764.916026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71764.916026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2152877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               58943                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.524727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        35979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        22956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        58935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        58935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   2355407447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2355407447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1750135961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1750135961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   4105543408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4105543408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   4105543408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4105543408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1091154570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1091154570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   4041529643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4041529643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   5132684213                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5132684213                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.805278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.956580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.858148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.858148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 65466.173240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65466.173240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 76238.715848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76238.715848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 69662.228014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69662.228014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 69662.228014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69662.228014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99768                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53422                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             398.933743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.581472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      398.933743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.779167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.779167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              331866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             331866                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           22965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             59227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            59227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            59227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           59227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1   2445520804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445520804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1800113040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1800113040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   4245633844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4245633844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   4245633844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4245633844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          44967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           69048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          69048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.806414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.857766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.857766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 67440.317798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67440.317798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 78385.065970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78385.065970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 71684.094146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71684.094146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 71684.094146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71684.094146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2169051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.568955                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        22965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        59227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        59227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   2368901584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2368901584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1752103572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1752103572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   4121005156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4121005156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   4121005156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4121005156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1095385986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1095385986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   3917382799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3917382799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   5012768785                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5012768785                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.806414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.857766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.857766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 65327.383597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65327.383597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 76294.516525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76294.516525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 69579.839533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69579.839533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 69579.839533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69579.839533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53603                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             397.267456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.582248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      397.267456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.775913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.775913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              332293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             332293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           22996                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22996                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             59317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            59317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            59317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           59317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2   2442264018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2442264018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1799405026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1799405026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   4241669044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4241669044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   4241669044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4241669044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         24058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           69140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          69140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.805665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.955857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.857926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.857926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 67241.100686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67241.100686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 78248.609584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78248.609584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 71508.489033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71508.489033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 71508.489033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71508.489033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2171204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.530731                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        22996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        59317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        59317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   2365672458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2365672458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1751310602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1751310602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   4116983060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4116983060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   4116983060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4116983060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1097675449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1097675449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   3894001300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3894001300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   4991676749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4991676749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.805665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.955857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.857926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.857926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 65132.360287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65132.360287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 76157.183945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76157.183945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 69406.461217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69406.461217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 69406.461217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69406.461217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99664                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53618                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             397.521626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.578250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      397.521626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.776409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.776409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              332331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             332331                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             59389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            59389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            59389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           59389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3   2444229866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2444229866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1811981579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1811981579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   4256211445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4256211445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   4256211445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4256211445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         24119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           69130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          69130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.806692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.956880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.859092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.859092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 67315.611842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67315.611842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 78512.135664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78512.135664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 71666.662934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71666.662934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 71666.662934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71666.662934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2167444                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59346                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.522158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        59389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        59389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   2367603538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2367603538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1763687167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763687167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   4131290705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4131290705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   4131290705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4131290705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1080268673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1080268673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   3893349735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3893349735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   4973618408                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4973618408                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.806692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.956880                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956880                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.859092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.859092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 65205.275076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65205.275076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 76419.566142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76419.566142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 69563.230649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69563.230649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 69563.230649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69563.230649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99015                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53820                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             396.195798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.591427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      396.195798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.773820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.773820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              330427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             330427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            35948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23093                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23093                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             59041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            59041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            59041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           59041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4   2417278257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2417278257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1822150466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1822150466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   4239428723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4239428723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   4239428723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4239428723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          44617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           68755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          68755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.805702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.956707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.858716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.858716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 67243.748108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67243.748108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 78904.883125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78904.883125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 71804.825850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71804.825850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 71804.825850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71804.825850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2163506                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               58921                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.718759                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        35948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        59041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        59041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   2341432849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2341432849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1773798174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773798174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   4115231023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4115231023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   4115231023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4115231023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1089200967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1089200967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   3986639198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3986639198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   5075840165                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5075840165                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.805702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.956707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 65133.883637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65133.883637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 76811.075824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76811.075824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 69701.241900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69701.241900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 69701.241900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69701.241900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99463                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53761                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             396.818591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      396.818591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.775036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.775036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              332464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             332464                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             59378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            59378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            59378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           59378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5   2440787473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2440787473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1818333892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1818333892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   4259121365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4259121365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   4259121365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4259121365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          44888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         24283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           69171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          69171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.806229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.954907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.858423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.858423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 67443.699171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.699171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 78417.021390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78417.021390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 71728.946159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71728.946159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 71728.946159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71728.946159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2173855                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59485                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.544591                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        59378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        59378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   2364411063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2364411063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1769767596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1769767596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   4134178659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134178659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   4134178659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134178659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1083354468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1083354468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   3885222198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3885222198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   4968576666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4968576666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.806229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.954907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 65333.270600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65333.270600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 76322.563222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76322.563222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 69624.754269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69624.754269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 69624.754269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69624.754269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99150                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53258                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             397.638402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.577374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      397.638402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.776638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.776638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              330920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             330920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             59166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            59166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            59166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           59166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6   2440095733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2440095733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1804973992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1804973992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   4245069725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4245069725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   4245069725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4245069725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          44652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           68825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          68825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.808698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 67573.961036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67573.961036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 78286.519431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78286.519431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 71748.465757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71748.465757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 71748.465757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71748.465757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2172077                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.545419                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        59166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        59166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   2363759609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2363759609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1756697682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1756697682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   4120457291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4120457291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   4120457291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4120457291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1098306924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1098306924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   3880453768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3880453768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   4978760692                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4978760692                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.808698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 65459.972556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65459.972556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 76192.647554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76192.647554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 69642.316381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69642.316381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 69642.316381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69642.316381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99292                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53734                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             397.484138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.591783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      397.484138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.776336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.776336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              330932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             330932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           22922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             59019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            59019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            59019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           59019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7   2444006416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2444006416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1801319117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1801319117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   4245325533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   4245325533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   4245325533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   4245325533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          44790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           68866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          68866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.805916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.952068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.857012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.857012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 67706.635344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67706.635344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 78584.727205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78584.727205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 71931.505668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71931.505668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 71931.505668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71931.505668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2180293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               59208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.824297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        22922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        59019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        59019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   2367752098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2367752098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1753332745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753332745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   4121084843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4121084843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   4121084843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4121084843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1099641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1099641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   3936158285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3936158285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   5035799785                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5035799785                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.805916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.952068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 65594.151813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65594.151813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 76491.263633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76491.263633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 69826.409173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69826.409173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 69826.409173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69826.409173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
