
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.616552                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2616552083000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2616552083000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 423166                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   538494                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            18392483259                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 421292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   142.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60200379                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76607188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    122683392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            703944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9089880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            132477664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       703944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          703944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3706304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data        3016072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6722376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15335424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              17211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             142065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15494707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data            754018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811929                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        46887426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               269035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3473992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50630624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          269035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             269035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1416484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data             1152689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2569173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1416484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       46887426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              269035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4626681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53199797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15494707                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811929                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15494707                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     811929                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                991550144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    111104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6844864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 132477664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6722376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     1736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  704958                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4515                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              967983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              967715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              967672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              967769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              974609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              968229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              967819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              967736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              968546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              968137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             967949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             967746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             967851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             967741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             967672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             967797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2616547722000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15335424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152619                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57911                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1246677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1099488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1103361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3738048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2684438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2678406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2686634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     54458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     57693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     20801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    20770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    20680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    20361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    20300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    20267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        89706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    11129.630393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    1027.657053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   16709.623735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          23265     25.93%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14539     16.21%     42.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         2841      3.17%     45.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2049      2.28%     47.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1384      1.54%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1206      1.34%     50.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          956      1.07%     51.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1124      1.25%     52.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          653      0.73%     53.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          549      0.61%     54.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          562      0.63%     54.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          672      0.75%     55.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          328      0.37%     55.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          247      0.28%     56.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          203      0.23%     56.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          737      0.82%     57.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          166      0.19%     57.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          154      0.17%     57.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223          147      0.16%     57.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          151      0.17%     57.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351          100      0.11%     58.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415         2290      2.55%     60.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479          108      0.12%     60.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          177      0.20%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           64      0.07%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           54      0.06%     61.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           47      0.05%     61.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          132      0.15%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           30      0.03%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           28      0.03%     61.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           20      0.02%     61.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          301      0.34%     61.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           24      0.03%     61.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           30      0.03%     61.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           15      0.02%     61.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311          101      0.11%     61.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375           18      0.02%     61.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           16      0.02%     61.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503           24      0.03%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           89      0.10%     61.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            8      0.01%     61.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           22      0.02%     62.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759           13      0.01%     62.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823          154      0.17%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887           15      0.02%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           13      0.01%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015           13      0.01%     62.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          380      0.42%     62.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           14      0.02%     62.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           15      0.02%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271           13      0.01%     62.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335          154      0.17%     62.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399           16      0.02%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           17      0.02%     62.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527           10      0.01%     62.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           98      0.11%     63.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655           14      0.02%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           13      0.01%     63.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783           34      0.04%     63.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           92      0.10%     63.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911           11      0.01%     63.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975           10      0.01%     63.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            9      0.01%     63.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          228      0.25%     63.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            7      0.01%     63.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            8      0.01%     63.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            6      0.01%     63.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359          164      0.18%     63.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           10      0.01%     63.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            9      0.01%     63.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            9      0.01%     63.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           80      0.09%     63.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            9      0.01%     63.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            6      0.01%     63.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            8      0.01%     63.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           90      0.10%     63.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            8      0.01%     63.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            8      0.01%     63.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            9      0.01%     63.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          436      0.49%     64.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191           10      0.01%     64.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            7      0.01%     64.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            8      0.01%     64.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           28      0.03%     64.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447           18      0.02%     64.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           68      0.08%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575           11      0.01%     64.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639          279      0.31%     64.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            1      0.00%     64.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767            1      0.00%     64.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895           70      0.08%     65.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023            2      0.00%     65.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          270      0.30%     65.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            1      0.00%     65.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           20      0.02%     65.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            3      0.00%     65.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            1      0.00%     65.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           82      0.09%     65.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791            3      0.00%     65.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919          143      0.16%     65.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            1      0.00%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            2      0.00%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          411      0.46%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            1      0.00%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           87      0.10%     66.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           21      0.02%     66.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7751            1      0.00%     66.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815            1      0.00%     66.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           78      0.09%     66.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            2      0.00%     66.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          402      0.45%     66.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8263            2      0.00%     66.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           81      0.09%     66.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           23      0.03%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8839            1      0.00%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967           84      0.09%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9031            1      0.00%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9095            5      0.01%     66.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          405      0.45%     67.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479          148      0.16%     67.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           87      0.10%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           20      0.02%     67.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10055            1      0.00%     67.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10119            2      0.00%     67.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          273      0.30%     68.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10311            1      0.00%     68.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           69      0.08%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10631            1      0.00%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759          145      0.16%     68.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10816-10823            1      0.00%     68.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           18      0.02%     68.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11072-11079            1      0.00%     68.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11143            7      0.01%     68.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          431      0.48%     68.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527           83      0.09%     68.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           80      0.09%     68.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039          159      0.18%     69.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12167            2      0.00%     69.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          208      0.23%     69.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            3      0.00%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           82      0.09%     69.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           88      0.10%     69.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12935            2      0.00%     69.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12992-12999            1      0.00%     69.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063          148      0.16%     69.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13191            3      0.00%     69.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          354      0.39%     70.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13447            2      0.00%     70.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575          141      0.16%     70.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13632-13639            1      0.00%     70.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           73      0.08%     70.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           83      0.09%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            3      0.00%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14279            1      0.00%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          279      0.31%     70.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14407            1      0.00%     70.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14464-14471            1      0.00%     70.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           93      0.10%     70.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14663            1      0.00%     70.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           91      0.10%     70.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14983            1      0.00%     70.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           15      0.02%     70.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15239            4      0.00%     70.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          490      0.55%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15431            1      0.00%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15559            1      0.00%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           72      0.08%     71.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15744-15751            2      0.00%     71.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879          143      0.16%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           77      0.09%     71.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16263           10      0.01%     71.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          534      0.60%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           75      0.08%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16711            1      0.00%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16775            2      0.00%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903          145      0.16%     72.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           76      0.08%     72.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17287            3      0.00%     72.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          492      0.55%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17472-17479            1      0.00%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           16      0.02%     73.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17856-17863            2      0.00%     73.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           87      0.10%     73.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18048-18055            2      0.00%     73.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           95      0.11%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18240-18247            2      0.00%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18304-18311            4      0.00%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          275      0.31%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18560-18567            1      0.00%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           81      0.09%     73.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           73      0.08%     74.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19072-19079            1      0.00%     74.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207          143      0.16%     74.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19335            2      0.00%     74.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19392-19399            1      0.00%     74.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          347      0.39%     74.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19584-19591            2      0.00%     74.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719          136      0.15%     74.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19776-19783            1      0.00%     74.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           88      0.10%     74.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20032-20039            1      0.00%     74.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20160-20167            2      0.00%     74.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           84      0.09%     74.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            5      0.01%     74.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          216      0.24%     75.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20544-20551            1      0.00%     75.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743          155      0.17%     75.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           77      0.09%     75.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21184-21191            1      0.00%     75.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255           79      0.09%     75.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            5      0.01%     75.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21440-21447            1      0.00%     75.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          419      0.47%     76.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21632-21639            1      0.00%     76.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21696-21703            1      0.00%     76.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           21      0.02%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21888-21895            1      0.00%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023          147      0.16%     76.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           72      0.08%     76.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22336-22343            1      0.00%     76.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22400-22407            4      0.00%     76.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          265      0.30%     76.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           21      0.02%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           84      0.09%     76.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23168-23175            1      0.00%     76.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303          141      0.16%     76.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23424-23431            5      0.01%     76.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23488-23495            1      0.00%     76.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          410      0.46%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23687            1      0.00%     77.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815           87      0.10%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           18      0.02%     77.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           80      0.09%     77.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24384-24391            1      0.00%     77.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24448-24455            3      0.00%     77.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          395      0.44%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24704-24711            2      0.00%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           76      0.08%     78.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24896-24903            1      0.00%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           19      0.02%     78.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25280-25287            1      0.00%     78.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351           88      0.10%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25472-25479            2      0.00%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          409      0.46%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25728-25735            1      0.00%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863          141      0.16%     78.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25920-25927            2      0.00%     78.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25984-25991            1      0.00%     78.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           88      0.10%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26240-26247            1      0.00%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26304-26311            1      0.00%     78.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           20      0.02%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26496-26503            3      0.00%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          274      0.31%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26688-26695            1      0.00%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           69      0.08%     79.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27008-27015            2      0.00%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143          144      0.16%     79.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           23      0.03%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27456-27463            1      0.00%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27520-27527            1      0.00%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          414      0.46%     79.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27776-27783            1      0.00%     79.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911           80      0.09%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28032-28039            2      0.00%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           76      0.08%     80.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28288-28295            1      0.00%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28352-28359            1      0.00%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423          158      0.18%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28480-28487            1      0.00%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            2      0.00%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          213      0.24%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           78      0.09%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28992-28999            1      0.00%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           89      0.10%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29248-29255            1      0.00%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29312-29319            2      0.00%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447          137      0.15%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29504-29511            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29568-29575            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          346      0.39%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29824-29831            1      0.00%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29888-29895            2      0.00%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959          142      0.16%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30080-30087            1      0.00%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215           72      0.08%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30336-30343            1      0.00%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30400-30407            2      0.00%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           82      0.09%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30599            4      0.00%     81.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          276      0.31%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30784-30791            1      0.00%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30848-30855            1      0.00%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           91      0.10%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31168-31175            1      0.00%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           88      0.10%     82.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           20      0.02%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31616-31623            5      0.01%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31680-31687            1      0.00%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          482      0.54%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           73      0.08%     82.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32128-32135            1      0.00%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263          142      0.16%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32320-32327            2      0.00%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32384-32391            2      0.00%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           83      0.09%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32640-32647            1      0.00%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32704-32711            1      0.00%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          535      0.60%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32832-32839            1      0.00%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32896-32903            1      0.00%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           89      0.10%     83.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287          149      0.17%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33408-33415            5      0.01%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           76      0.08%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          481      0.54%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33856-33863            1      0.00%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           15      0.02%     84.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           88      0.10%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34368-34375            1      0.00%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34432-34439            2      0.00%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           92      0.10%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34624-34631            1      0.00%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34688-34695            3      0.00%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          267      0.30%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34944-34951            2      0.00%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           81      0.09%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35136-35143            1      0.00%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35200-35207            1      0.00%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335           74      0.08%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591          144      0.16%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35648-35655            1      0.00%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35712-35719            2      0.00%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          346      0.39%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36032-36039            1      0.00%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103          134      0.15%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36288-36295            1      0.00%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           86      0.10%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36480-36487            1      0.00%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36544-36551            1      0.00%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           79      0.09%     86.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36736-36743            1      0.00%     86.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          207      0.23%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36992-36999            2      0.00%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37056-37063            1      0.00%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127          154      0.17%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37184-37191            1      0.00%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           75      0.08%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37504-37511            2      0.00%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639           87      0.10%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          418      0.47%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38016-38023            2      0.00%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38080-38087            1      0.00%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           20      0.02%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38208-38215            1      0.00%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407          142      0.16%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38528-38535            3      0.00%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           69      0.08%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38848-38855            1      0.00%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          267      0.30%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39040-39047            1      0.00%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           18      0.02%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39232-39239            1      0.00%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39296-39303            2      0.00%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           85      0.09%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39552-39559            1      0.00%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39616-39623            2      0.00%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687          145      0.16%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          411      0.46%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199           83      0.09%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40256-40263            1      0.00%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40320-40327            2      0.00%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           16      0.02%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40576-40583            3      0.00%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40640-40647            1      0.00%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           79      0.09%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          395      0.44%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41159            1      0.00%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           77      0.09%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41344-41351            1      0.00%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           17      0.02%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41600-41607            3      0.00%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735           89      0.10%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          405      0.45%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42048-42055            1      0.00%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42112-42119            2      0.00%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247          142      0.16%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42368-42375            1      0.00%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           82      0.09%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42624-42631            4      0.00%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           22      0.02%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          265      0.30%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43136-43143            1      0.00%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43200-43207            1      0.00%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           69      0.08%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527          144      0.16%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            4      0.00%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           21      0.02%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43840-43847            1      0.00%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          417      0.46%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44096-44103            1      0.00%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44160-44167            1      0.00%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295           79      0.09%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           77      0.09%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44672-44679            4      0.00%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807          154      0.17%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          203      0.23%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45184-45191            1      0.00%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           82      0.09%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45440-45447            1      0.00%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45504-45511            1      0.00%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           88      0.10%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45696-45703            2      0.00%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45760-45767            1      0.00%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831          135      0.15%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45952-45959            2      0.00%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          348      0.39%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343          145      0.16%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           73      0.08%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46720-46727            2      0.00%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           84      0.09%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46976-46983            3      0.00%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          268      0.30%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47232-47239            2      0.00%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47296-47303            1      0.00%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           92      0.10%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47424-47431            1      0.00%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           87      0.10%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47680-47687            1      0.00%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47744-47751            4      0.00%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           19      0.02%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48064-48071            1      0.00%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          511      0.57%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48192-48199            2      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48256-48263            1      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48320-48327            2      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           90      0.10%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647          140      0.16%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48768-48775           73      0.08%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           73      0.08%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            6      0.01%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            6      0.01%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            7      0.01%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         5078      5.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          89706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   373696644500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              469604897000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  77464855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 18443397500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24120.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1190.44                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30310.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         378.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       50.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15419069                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     91147                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  85.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       160459.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               2.19                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     54116372                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16546597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16546597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            132218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           132218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2383088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1893543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      4280493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30670848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30670848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34951341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16516648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     18914914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    122683392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    122683392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           141598306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              141598306                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1206226000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3614000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17910626500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4950468826                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34635984750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.throughput                      47801049                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16518785                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16518785                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8183                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8183                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2383088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30670848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30670848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33053936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    122683392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    122683392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            125073934                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               125073934                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3977000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15335424000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         42035727250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     14996193                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       7334                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    11230326                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2212                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     3405                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    192                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 15003527                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                11232538                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          26226519                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9546                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      26236065                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     61494253                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4471                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2370                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 61498724                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                          61494253                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      61498724                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5233104166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    60200379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      76607188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              69208982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  10269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2140473                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7948700                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     69208982                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         10269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           401369988                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           74519463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 7493                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2780                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27394064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    15660288                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   11733776                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4581523252.608249                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               651580913.391751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.124511                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.875489                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          10308817                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    83016                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            856260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.867590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            60637481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            856772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             70.774350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       19998571250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.867590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          62351025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         62351025                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     60637481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        60637481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      60637481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         60637481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     60637481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        60637481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       856772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        856772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       856772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         856772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       856772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        856772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11774299750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11774299750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11774299750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11774299750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11774299750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11774299750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     61494253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61494253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     61494253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     61494253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     61494253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     61494253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13742.629019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13742.629019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13742.629019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13742.629019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13742.629019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13742.629019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       856772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       856772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       856772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10056704250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10056704250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10056704250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10056704250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10056704250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10056704250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    435943750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    435943750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    435943750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    435943750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11737.900223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11737.900223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11737.900223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11737.900223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11737.900223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11737.900223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            62511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        50754.773862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1682280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           127893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            13.153808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     2565659385000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 37718.578019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     3.884348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  6993.361988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  6038.948805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.575540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.106710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.092147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.774456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997589                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         17137404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        17137404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       844551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       369636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       595238                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       595238                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       113388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       113388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       844551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       483024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1339812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       844551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       483024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1339812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        10585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         9809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        20401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       133825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       133825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        10585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       143634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        154226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        10585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       143634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       154226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       305250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    752786250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    737923500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1491165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       469980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       469980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9621111643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9621111643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       305250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    752786250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  10359035143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11112276643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       305250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    752786250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  10359035143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11112276643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       855136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       379445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       595238                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       595238                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2934                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2934                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       247213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       247213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       855136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       626658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1494038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       855136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       626658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1494038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991138                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991138                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.541335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.541335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.229206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.103228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.229206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.103228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        61050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71118.209731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75229.228260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73092.740552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   161.616231                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   161.616231                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71893.231033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71893.231033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        61050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71118.209731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72121.051722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72051.902033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        61050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71118.209731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72121.051722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72051.902033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        57911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            57911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       133825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       154226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       154226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       242750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    620216750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    615039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235623500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     29085908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29085908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7946453357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7946453357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       242750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    620216750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8561492357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9182076857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       242750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    620216750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8561492357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9182076857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    344358750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 166664193250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167008552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  16706218159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16706218159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    344358750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 183370411409                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183714770159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991138                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991138                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.541335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.229206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.229206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        48550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58593.930090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62701.498624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60566.810450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10002.031637                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10002.031637                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59379.438498                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59379.438498                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        48550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58593.930090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59606.307399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59536.503942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        48550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58593.930090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59606.307399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59536.503942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            626146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.876591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            23656108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            626658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             37.749631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         664772250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.876591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          97757722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         97757722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13196248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13196248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      9972755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9972755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       236393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       247778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23169003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23169003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23169003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23169003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       368059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        368059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       250147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        11386                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11386                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       618206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         618206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       618206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        618206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5416606500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5416606500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11623055265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11623055265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    158362000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    158362000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  17039661765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17039661765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  17039661765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17039661765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13564307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13564307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     10222902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10222902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       247779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       247778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23787209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23787209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23787209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23787209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045952                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045952                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14716.679934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14716.679934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46464.899699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46464.899699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13908.484103                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13908.484103                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27563.080535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27563.080535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27563.080535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27563.080535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       595238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            595238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       368059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       368059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11386                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11386                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       618206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       618206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       618206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       618206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4678192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4678192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11070820735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11070820735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    135536000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135536000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15749013235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15749013235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15749013235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15749013235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 182058328250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182058328250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  26237936841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26237936841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208296265091                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208296265091                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024469                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024469                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045952                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045952                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12710.441804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12710.441804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44257.259671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44257.259671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11903.741437                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11903.741437                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25475.348403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25475.348403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25475.348403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25475.348403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                52965248                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2454635                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2454635                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        763385                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp       763385                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       595238                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2934                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2934                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       247213                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       247213                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1725170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      5749474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        12460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        27430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7514534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     54755228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     83615814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        14136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        34840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      138420018                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         138420018                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus       166312                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     3008633500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1295454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2534439174                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy       8926000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy      18720500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1538398399250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1538398399250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1538398399250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1538398399250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
