
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.219644                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                219644167500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               219644167500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 184210                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101490439                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 247040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2164.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   398664665                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     398664665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            504000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               504000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       249408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          249408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               7875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  7875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              2294620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2294620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1135509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1135509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             2294620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2294620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          7875                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        7875                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                   504000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                    504000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                 675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                 471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                 475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                 478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                 564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                 560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                 471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                 437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    219644086000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    7875                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      6822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      331.828383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     199.155331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     333.926802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            511     33.73%     33.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          341     22.51%     56.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          189     12.48%     68.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      7.06%     75.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639           50      3.30%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           60      3.96%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      2.38%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      1.98%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          191     12.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       51832750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 199489000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                     39375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6581.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25331.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                       6354                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     27891312.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     210595847500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF        7334340000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT        1712418250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                      2294620                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        15750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       504000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              504000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 504000                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             9401500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           73916250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                46223200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          26710359                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1014875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             25598344                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                21333887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             83.340887                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 8326899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     95595217                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        114                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 95595331                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    73605959                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       858                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                73606817                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    169201176                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        972                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                169202148                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    98054052                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      1240                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                98055292                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  215                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        439288335                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   398664665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     398664665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       4458110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.101899                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.907524                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                       435056382                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                         4231953                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1919.689869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            98048879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          18953.968490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1919.689869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.937349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965820                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         196113277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        196113277                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     98048879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        98048879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      98048879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         98048879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     98048879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        98048879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293884750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293884750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293884750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293884750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293884750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293884750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98054052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     98054052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     98054052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     98054052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     98054052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     98054052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56811.279722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56811.279722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56811.279722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56811.279722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56811.279722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56811.279722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281914250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281914250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281914250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281914250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281914250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281914250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54497.245312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54497.245312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54497.245312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54497.245312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54497.245312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54497.245312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                 2911473                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6139                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          6139                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          654                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         3199                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3199                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        10346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             19330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       331072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       308416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total         639488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus            639488                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        5650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8571750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       6975500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         4427.544414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               1491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             5274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.282708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   373.069820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4054.474595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.011385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.123733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.135118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160950                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            88409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           88409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           1402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            1463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           1463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst         3138                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         3138                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          7875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         7875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    325631750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325631750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    212036500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    212036500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    537668250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    537668250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    537668250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    537668250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         9338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         9338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         9338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         9338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.771624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.771624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.843328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.843328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.843328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.843328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68742.189149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68742.189149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67570.586361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67570.586361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68275.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68275.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68275.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68275.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    266250750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266250750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172336000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172336000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    438586750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438586750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    438586750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438586750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.843328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.843328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56206.618113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56206.618113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54919.056724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54919.056724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55693.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55693.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55693.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55693.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3291.682067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           168006905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              4165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          40337.792317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3291.682067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.803633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828613                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         336032209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        336032209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     94492115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94492115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst     73514790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73514790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     168006905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        168006905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    168006905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       168006905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst         5940                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5940                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           7117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          7117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     80734750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80734750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    392862000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    392862000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    473596750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    473596750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    473596750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    473596750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     94493292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94493292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst     73520730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73520730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    168014022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168014022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    168014022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168014022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68593.670348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68593.670348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66138.383838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66138.383838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66544.435858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66544.435858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66544.435858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66544.435858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64078250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64078250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215682250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215682250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    279760500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279760500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    279760500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279760500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66128.224974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66128.224974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67485.059449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67485.059449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67169.387755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67169.387755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67169.387755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67169.387755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
