
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.605623                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2605623216500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2605623216500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  60428                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77810                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2507107577                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 430512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1039.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    62801984                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      80867321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           395008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4350396                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           426880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5253880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131538740                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       395008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       426880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          821888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4261184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3012136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7290320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             82120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15301859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66581                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           753034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        46480446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              151598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1669618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              163830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2016362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50482640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         151598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         163830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             315429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1635380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            1156014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2797918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1635380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       46480446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             151598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1676143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             163830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3172376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53280558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15301859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       823865                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15301859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     823865                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                976840512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                   2478464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7393984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 131538740                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7290320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                    38726                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  708315                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          14211                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              956322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              955904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              952374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              952254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              956762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              955994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              951679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              951390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              956653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              956558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             951325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             950816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             956256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             956091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             951432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             951323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2605622062000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     109                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  162934                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 757284                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66581                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1184108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1129171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1082709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3674312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2649053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2636381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2643445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     56452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     60541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     21670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    21240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    21122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    20711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    20560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    20478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      5109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        91489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    10757.948868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     916.821036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   16539.903542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          25786     28.18%     28.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14910     16.30%     44.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         3164      3.46%     47.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2339      2.56%     50.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1506      1.65%     52.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1246      1.36%     53.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455         1021      1.12%     54.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1185      1.30%     55.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          667      0.73%     56.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          658      0.72%     57.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          602      0.66%     58.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          572      0.63%     58.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          315      0.34%     58.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          283      0.31%     59.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          170      0.19%     59.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          580      0.63%     60.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          115      0.13%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          145      0.16%     60.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           84      0.09%     60.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          210      0.23%     60.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           59      0.06%     60.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          551      0.60%     61.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           52      0.06%     61.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          273      0.30%     61.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           29      0.03%     61.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671          104      0.11%     61.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           17      0.02%     61.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          169      0.18%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           21      0.02%     62.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           56      0.06%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           21      0.02%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          399      0.44%     62.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119            9      0.01%     62.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           43      0.05%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           10      0.01%     62.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           57      0.06%     62.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            5      0.01%     62.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           24      0.03%     62.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503           13      0.01%     62.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567          166      0.18%     63.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            7      0.01%     63.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           16      0.02%     63.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            4      0.00%     63.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           30      0.03%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            6      0.01%     63.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           23      0.03%     63.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            4      0.00%     63.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          317      0.35%     63.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143            3      0.00%     63.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           20      0.02%     63.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271           11      0.01%     63.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335          167      0.18%     63.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399           13      0.01%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           17      0.02%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            7      0.01%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591          159      0.17%     63.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            8      0.01%     63.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           17      0.02%     63.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783           11      0.01%     63.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847          119      0.13%     64.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            7      0.01%     64.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975           21      0.02%     64.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            9      0.01%     64.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          498      0.54%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            8      0.01%     64.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231           12      0.01%     64.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            9      0.01%     64.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           21      0.02%     64.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           17      0.02%     64.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487           15      0.02%     64.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551           10      0.01%     64.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           32      0.03%     64.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            2      0.00%     64.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743           10      0.01%     64.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            9      0.01%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871          144      0.16%     64.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935           10      0.01%     64.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999           10      0.01%     64.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            5      0.01%     64.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          298      0.33%     65.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            8      0.01%     65.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255           12      0.01%     65.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            6      0.01%     65.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           14      0.02%     65.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            7      0.01%     65.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511            8      0.01%     65.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            5      0.01%     65.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           74      0.08%     65.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            2      0.00%     65.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767           15      0.02%     65.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            4      0.00%     65.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          253      0.28%     65.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            4      0.00%     65.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023           13      0.01%     65.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087           13      0.01%     65.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          396      0.43%     66.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            4      0.00%     66.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279           10      0.01%     66.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            4      0.00%     66.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           85      0.09%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            5      0.01%     66.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            8      0.01%     66.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            5      0.01%     66.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663          103      0.11%     66.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727            8      0.01%     66.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791           22      0.02%     66.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            2      0.00%     66.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919           29      0.03%     66.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            4      0.00%     66.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            7      0.01%     66.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            3      0.00%     66.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          296      0.32%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            3      0.00%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            7      0.01%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           10      0.01%     66.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431          167      0.18%     67.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7495            5      0.01%     67.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559           11      0.01%     67.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            5      0.01%     67.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           20      0.02%     67.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7751            1      0.00%     67.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815            5      0.01%     67.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           73      0.08%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8007            3      0.00%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            9      0.01%     67.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          634      0.69%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8327            2      0.00%     67.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           75      0.08%     67.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8583            2      0.00%     67.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           13      0.01%     68.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8839            1      0.00%     68.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967          157      0.17%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9031            1      0.00%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9095            2      0.00%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9159            1      0.00%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          285      0.31%     68.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479           15      0.02%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9543            1      0.00%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9607            1      0.00%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           93      0.10%     68.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9799            1      0.00%     68.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9863            1      0.00%     68.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           77      0.08%     68.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10055            1      0.00%     68.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10119            4      0.00%     68.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          396      0.43%     69.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10375            2      0.00%     69.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10439            1      0.00%     69.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503          200      0.22%     69.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10695            1      0.00%     69.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           71      0.08%     69.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10816-10823            1      0.00%     69.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10887            1      0.00%     69.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10944-10951            1      0.00%     69.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           10      0.01%     69.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11143            1      0.00%     69.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          289      0.32%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11328-11335            1      0.00%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11399            1      0.00%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527          139      0.15%     69.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11591            1      0.00%     69.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           14      0.02%     69.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           10      0.01%     69.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12167            5      0.01%     69.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12231            2      0.00%     69.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          463      0.51%     70.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12359            1      0.00%     70.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            1      0.00%     70.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           93      0.10%     70.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12608-12615            1      0.00%     70.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12679            1      0.00%     70.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807          146      0.16%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12871            1      0.00%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12935            1      0.00%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12992-12999            1      0.00%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063          146      0.16%     70.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13120-13127            1      0.00%     70.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13191            1      0.00%     70.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          294      0.32%     71.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575           17      0.02%     71.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13632-13639            1      0.00%     71.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13703            1      0.00%     71.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831          141      0.15%     71.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13959            1      0.00%     71.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           14      0.02%     71.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            3      0.00%     71.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          345      0.38%     71.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14407            1      0.00%     71.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14464-14471            2      0.00%     71.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14535            1      0.00%     71.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           78      0.09%     71.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14663            1      0.00%     71.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14720-14727            2      0.00%     71.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           78      0.09%     71.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14983            3      0.00%     71.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           81      0.09%     72.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15175            1      0.00%     72.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15239            1      0.00%     72.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15303            2      0.00%     72.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          392      0.43%     72.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           92      0.10%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15808-15815            1      0.00%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879           13      0.01%     72.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15936-15943            1      0.00%     72.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16007            1      0.00%     72.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           74      0.08%     72.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16199            1      0.00%     72.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16263           10      0.01%     72.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          676      0.74%     73.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           76      0.08%     73.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903           13      0.01%     73.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16967            2      0.00%     73.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           98      0.11%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17216-17223            1      0.00%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17287            2      0.00%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17344-17351            1      0.00%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          394      0.43%     74.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17472-17479            4      0.00%     74.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17536-17543            1      0.00%     74.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17600-17607            2      0.00%     74.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           80      0.09%     74.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17728-17735            1      0.00%     74.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17792-17799            1      0.00%     74.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17856-17863            1      0.00%     74.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           77      0.08%     74.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18112-18119            1      0.00%     74.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           83      0.09%     74.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18304-18311            3      0.00%     74.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          341      0.37%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           14      0.02%     74.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18816-18823            2      0.00%     74.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951          141      0.15%     74.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19072-19079            1      0.00%     74.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207           23      0.03%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19335            2      0.00%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          287      0.31%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19520-19527            3      0.00%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19584-19591            3      0.00%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19648-19655            1      0.00%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719          144      0.16%     75.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19776-19783            2      0.00%     75.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975          144      0.16%     75.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20160-20167            1      0.00%     75.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           97      0.11%     75.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20288-20295            1      0.00%     75.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            3      0.00%     75.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          470      0.51%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20544-20551            1      0.00%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20672-20679            1      0.00%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           10      0.01%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           16      0.02%     76.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21056-21063            1      0.00%     76.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21120-21127            1      0.00%     76.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255          142      0.16%     76.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            4      0.00%     76.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21440-21447            3      0.00%     76.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          283      0.31%     76.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767            9      0.01%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21824-21831            1      0.00%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21888-21895            1      0.00%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           72      0.08%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22144-22151            2      0.00%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279          194      0.21%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22400-22407            3      0.00%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22464-22471            1      0.00%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          387      0.42%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22592-22599            2      0.00%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22656-22663            1      0.00%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22720-22727            2      0.00%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           79      0.09%     77.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22848-22855            1      0.00%     77.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22976-22983            2      0.00%     77.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           89      0.10%     77.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23104-23111            1      0.00%     77.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23168-23175            2      0.00%     77.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303           21      0.02%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23424-23431            1      0.00%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          286      0.31%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23687            2      0.00%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815          151      0.17%     78.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           13      0.01%     78.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24256-24263            2      0.00%     78.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           73      0.08%     78.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24384-24391            1      0.00%     78.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24448-24455            6      0.01%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          527      0.58%     78.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24704-24711            2      0.00%     78.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24768-24775            1      0.00%     78.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           73      0.08%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24896-24903            1      0.00%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           14      0.02%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25152-25159            1      0.00%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25216-25223            1      0.00%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25280-25287            1      0.00%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351          156      0.17%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25408-25415            2      0.00%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25472-25479            3      0.00%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          278      0.30%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25664-25671            2      0.00%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863           13      0.01%     79.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25984-25991            3      0.00%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26048-26055            1      0.00%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           89      0.10%     79.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26176-26183            4      0.00%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26240-26247            1      0.00%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           78      0.09%     79.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26496-26503            4      0.00%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          385      0.42%     80.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26752-26759            1      0.00%     80.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26816-26823            2      0.00%     80.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887          196      0.21%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26944-26951            1      0.00%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27008-27015            1      0.00%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27072-27079            2      0.00%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           71      0.08%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27200-27207            1      0.00%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           10      0.01%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27456-27463            2      0.00%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27520-27527            2      0.00%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          285      0.31%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27712-27719            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27776-27783            2      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911          137      0.15%     80.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28096-28103            1      0.00%     80.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           20      0.02%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28224-28231            1      0.00%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28288-28295            1      0.00%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28352-28359            1      0.00%     80.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           15      0.02%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            5      0.01%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28608-28615            1      0.00%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          454      0.50%     81.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28800-28807            1      0.00%     81.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28864-28871            1      0.00%     81.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           95      0.10%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29056-29063            2      0.00%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29120-29127            2      0.00%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191          143      0.16%     81.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29312-29319            3      0.00%     81.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29376-29383            2      0.00%     81.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447          147      0.16%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29568-29575            5      0.01%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29632-29639            1      0.00%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          291      0.32%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29760-29767            1      0.00%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29824-29831            1      0.00%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959           18      0.02%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30080-30087            2      0.00%     82.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30144-30151            1      0.00%     82.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215          139      0.15%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30272-30279            2      0.00%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           17      0.02%     82.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30528-30535            2      0.00%     82.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30599            5      0.01%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          334      0.37%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30784-30791            2      0.00%     82.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           75      0.08%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31040-31047            2      0.00%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31104-31111            1      0.00%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31168-31175            1      0.00%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           77      0.08%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31424-31431            2      0.00%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           84      0.09%     82.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31616-31623            6      0.01%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31680-31687            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          392      0.43%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31808-31815            1      0.00%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31879            1      0.00%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           91      0.10%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32128-32135            2      0.00%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263           14      0.02%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32384-32391            2      0.00%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           81      0.09%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32576-32583            1      0.00%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32640-32647            2      0.00%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          668      0.73%     84.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           70      0.08%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287           13      0.01%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33344-33351            1      0.00%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33408-33415            3      0.00%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           95      0.10%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33607            1      0.00%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33671            3      0.00%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          402      0.44%     84.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33920-33927            1      0.00%     84.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           82      0.09%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           76      0.08%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34432-34439            4      0.00%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           80      0.09%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34688-34695            1      0.00%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34752-34759            1      0.00%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          334      0.37%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34944-34951            2      0.00%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35008-35015            1      0.00%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           12      0.01%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35136-35143            1      0.00%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35200-35207            1      0.00%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35264-35271            1      0.00%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335          138      0.15%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35456-35463            3      0.00%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591           16      0.02%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35712-35719            3      0.00%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          289      0.32%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35904-35911            1      0.00%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35968-35975            1      0.00%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103          143      0.16%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359          143      0.16%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36416-36423            2      0.00%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36480-36487            4      0.00%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615          101      0.11%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          455      0.50%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37056-37063            1      0.00%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127            7      0.01%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37248-37255            2      0.00%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37312-37319            1      0.00%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           19      0.02%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37504-37511            2      0.00%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639          137      0.15%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          277      0.30%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38016-38023            1      0.00%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151            9      0.01%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38272-38279            1      0.00%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38336-38343            1      0.00%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           70      0.08%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38464-38471            1      0.00%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38528-38535            2      0.00%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663          197      0.22%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38720-38727            1      0.00%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38784-38791            1      0.00%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          387      0.42%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39040-39047            2      0.00%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           74      0.08%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           86      0.09%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39488-39495            2      0.00%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39552-39559            4      0.00%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687           16      0.02%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39808-39815            2      0.00%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39872-39879            1      0.00%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          277      0.30%     88.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199          154      0.17%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40320-40327            1      0.00%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           11      0.01%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40576-40583            3      0.00%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           77      0.08%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          525      0.57%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41088-41095            1      0.00%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           69      0.08%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41344-41351            3      0.00%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           14      0.02%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41600-41607            1      0.00%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735          154      0.17%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          280      0.31%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42112-42119            1      0.00%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247           18      0.02%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42304-42311            2      0.00%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42368-42375            1      0.00%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           88      0.10%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42624-42631            2      0.00%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           77      0.08%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42880-42887            2      0.00%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          387      0.42%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43136-43143            1      0.00%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271          193      0.21%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           69      0.08%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            2      0.00%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           13      0.01%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43904-43911            2      0.00%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          277      0.30%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44096-44103            1      0.00%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44231            2      0.00%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295          139      0.15%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           17      0.02%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44608-44615            2      0.00%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44672-44679            3      0.00%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           11      0.01%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44864-44871            1      0.00%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44992-44999            1      0.00%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          459      0.50%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45184-45191            1      0.00%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           99      0.11%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45376-45383            3      0.00%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45440-45447            3      0.00%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575          148      0.16%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45696-45703            2      0.00%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45760-45767            1      0.00%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831          151      0.17%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46016-46023            1      0.00%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          285      0.31%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46208-46215            1      0.00%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46272-46279            1      0.00%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343           17      0.02%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46528-46535            1      0.00%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599          140      0.15%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46720-46727            2      0.00%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           15      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          339      0.37%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47296-47303            2      0.00%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           80      0.09%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47488-47495            1      0.00%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           79      0.09%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47744-47751            3      0.00%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           82      0.09%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48064-48071            1      0.00%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          389      0.43%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48192-48199            1      0.00%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48320-48327            1      0.00%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           92      0.10%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647           12      0.01%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48704-48711            2      0.00%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48768-48775           69      0.08%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           72      0.08%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            2      0.00%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            3      0.00%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            1      0.00%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         5070      5.54%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49280-49287            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49344-49351            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49408-49415            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49472-49479            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49920-49927            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50048-50055            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50112-50119            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50176-50183            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50240-50247            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50368-50375            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50496-50503            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50560-50567            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50624-50631            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50688-50695            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50752-50759            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51008-51015            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51072-51079            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51136-51143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51200-51207            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51264-51271            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51456-51463            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51584-51591            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51648-51655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51840-51847            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51904-51911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52224-52231            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          91489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   370803624750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              464795231000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76315665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 17675941250                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24294.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1158.08                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30452.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         374.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       50.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15189237                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     97938                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  84.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       161581.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               2.46                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54211188                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16352626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16352626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             769179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            769179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            35757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          18322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2384372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         2042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1975936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4376186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34653818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2392693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        27636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         4084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17718532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     20143401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           141253929                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              141253929                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1488197499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11766500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy             1797499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17658492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4844234238                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34183641699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    72645                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                53020.689119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1874829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   137818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.603658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   37720.403327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     5.416210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4180.066464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2958.458343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    11.364086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4038.603525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4106.376802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.575568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.063783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.045142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.061624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.062658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.809032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 18857930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                18857930                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        23180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             393299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        33047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             607435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             201334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1434874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          583828                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               583828                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1113                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             796                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1909                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           212                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               374                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            59141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               107523                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         23180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              393299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              214568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         33047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              607435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              260475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1542397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        23180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             393299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             214568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        33047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             607435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             260475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1542397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5741                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          4448                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10189                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             83345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            83345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1319500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    442132250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    474613998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    492031750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    492624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1904701998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9247586                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12516468                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     21764054                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       581975                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3187362                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3769337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4414635311                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6079977271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10494612582                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1319500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    442132250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4889249309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    492031750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6572601771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     12399314580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1319500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    442132250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4889249309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    492031750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6572601771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    12399314580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        23193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         399351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        33064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         614069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         207683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1460254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       583828                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           583828                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           12098                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          984                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          751                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1735                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111510                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       136137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247647                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        23193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          399351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          284009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        33064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          614069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          343820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1707901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        23193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         399351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         284009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        33064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         614069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         343820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1707901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837613                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.848207                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.842205                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784553                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.784288                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.784438                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566120                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.565577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.565822                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.244503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.242409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.096905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.244503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.242409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.096905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       101500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       224000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73055.560145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75180.421036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 90117.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74168.186614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77590.880454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75047.360047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1610.797074                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2813.954137                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2136.034351                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   753.853627                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5411.480475                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2769.534901                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69931.493331                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78964.845849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74895.182710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       101500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       224000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73055.560145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70408.682320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 90117.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74168.186614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78860.180827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74918.519069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       101500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       224000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73055.560145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70408.682320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 90117.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74168.186614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78860.180827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74918.519069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66581                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66581                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5741                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4448                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10189                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140124                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       423500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    365788500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    393596748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    408302500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    412139500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582733248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57558681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     44816867                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102375548                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7725271                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5896085                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13621356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3622664675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5123552719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8746217394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       423500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    365788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4016261423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    408302500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5535692219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10328950642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       423500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    365788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4016261423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    408302500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5535692219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10328950642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6844749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12336851490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2547499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154880596991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167226840729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1073381000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  16517452398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17590833398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6844749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13410232490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2547499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 171398049389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184817674127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837613                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.848207                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842205                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784553                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.784288                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784438                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.565577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.242327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.096860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.242327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 89115.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       211750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60480.902778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62714.586998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77882.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61611.966199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65201.629489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62548.737275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10025.898101                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10075.734487                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10047.654137                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10006.827720                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10010.331070                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10008.343865                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57386.020070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66543.102486                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62417.697140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 89115.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       211750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60480.902778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57867.866737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77882.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61611.966199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66441.329129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62437.741144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 89115.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       211750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60480.902778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57867.866737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77882.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61611.966199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66441.329129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62437.741144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58734643                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2740334                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2740333                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            769179                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           769179                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           583828                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           35005                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         18696                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          53701                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           259560                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          259560                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       799508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1075466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        14045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        57080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1228838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4820247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        75325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               8086020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     25566400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     34789221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        18712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        92772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     39303552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     48210820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        22868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       132256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          148136601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148136601                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4903748                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4924229951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1801808391                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1518829470                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9386457                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          34051657                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy        2768216654                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy        3257831802                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer8.occupancy           9819444                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer9.occupancy          42547912                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      47398726                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322919                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322919                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8083                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8083                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2384372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32662004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        17688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2392693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123503221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123503221                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21713000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4428000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2376289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         41457903301                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6116113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4670014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           294465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3791796                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                2947023                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            77.721032                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 683382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             28116                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8971213                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     29038                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5214205                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     5642                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1740                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      972                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   288                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      602                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9000251                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5219847                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14185418                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          34680                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14220098                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4275051                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5189                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1217                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1383                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4280240                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4275051                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5189                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4280240                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        70241745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11929498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      32445295                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6116113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3630405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7610256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1455955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     63581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20356712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46897                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1384514                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          336                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4273539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               157097                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2132                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          42442805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.987587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.368800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                34839840     82.09%     82.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  572205      1.35%     83.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  825004      1.94%     85.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  684840      1.61%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  778500      1.83%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  566486      1.33%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  678699      1.60%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  357241      0.84%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3139990      7.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            42442805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.087072                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.461909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12488007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             21548451                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6870426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               554367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                981554                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              948390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                64682                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              40553105                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               211793                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                981554                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                13063645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5927392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      13516172                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6803229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2150813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              39442908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                442190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1172580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             108                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39856158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            180580051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163873696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             4140                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             31502925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8353232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            459972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        416665                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5510720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7760142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5773435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1130797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1218383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  37351008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             906143                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37719109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            82376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6300240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13226792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        257129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     42442805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.888704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.506616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27084248     63.81%     63.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5900278     13.90%     77.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3162124      7.45%     85.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2465638      5.81%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2124054      5.00%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             938721      2.21%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             522569      1.23%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             188950      0.45%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              56223      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       42442805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27701      2.58%      2.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   461      0.04%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                838727     78.09%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               207210     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14552      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22689290     60.15%     60.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               48124      0.13%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 12      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              9      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           680      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           11      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9432418     25.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5534012     14.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37719109                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.536990                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1074099                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028476                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         119063513                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         44565262                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34855631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8367                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4694                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3878                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38774303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4353                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          316534                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1373139                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2492                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13119                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       536810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2149889                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5851                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                981554                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4303712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               102086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           38375609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            82190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7760142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5773435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            578535                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 41087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 6130                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13119                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        149567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              266710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             37339391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9288472                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           379718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       118458                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14775675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4960531                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5487203                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.531584                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      37145263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34859509                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18586335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35686170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.496279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.520827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6112161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         649014                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           230918                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     41461251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.767144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.727678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29511356     71.18%     71.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5920392     14.28%     85.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1945303      4.69%     90.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1006881      2.43%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       766693      1.85%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       514145      1.24%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       405651      0.98%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       222934      0.54%     97.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1167896      2.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     41461251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            24081359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31806750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11623628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6387003                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     231881                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4353159                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 28151052                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              499153                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1167896                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    77343282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   76821100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         366365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       27798940                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  5140962052                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   24000617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31726008                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             24000617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.926664                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.926664                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.341686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.341686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               174312752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34607985                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3310                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     918                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               79392098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                500989                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           399371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.568929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3842185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           399883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.608273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       7067442000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.568929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4673316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4673316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3842185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3842185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3842185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3842185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3842185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3842185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       431224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       431224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       431224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        431224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       431224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       431224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5969029520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5969029520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5969029520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5969029520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5969029520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5969029520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4273409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4273409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4273409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4273409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4273409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4273409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13842.062408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13842.062408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13842.062408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13842.062408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13842.062408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13842.062408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.308140                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        31316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        31316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        31316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        31316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        31316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        31316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       399908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       399908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       399908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4860978096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4860978096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4860978096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4860978096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4860978096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4860978096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      9448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      9448000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9448000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.240945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.240945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.240945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.240945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.240945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.240945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           275793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.388822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9427243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           276305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.118974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         43744250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   480.388822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.938259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         45827663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        45827663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5876905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5876905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3228758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3228758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       139532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       139532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9105663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9105663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9105663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9105663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       393187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       393187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1586487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1586487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8903                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8903                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7768                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7768                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1979674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1979674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1979674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1979674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5526786247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5526786247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79724845605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79724845605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     91251732                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     91251732                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50083768                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     50083768                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85251631852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85251631852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85251631852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85251631852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6270092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6270092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4815245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4815245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148435                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       148435                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       144999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11085337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11085337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11085337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11085337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.329472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059979                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059979                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053573                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053573                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14056.380926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14056.380926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50252.441782                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50252.441782                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10249.548691                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10249.548691                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6447.446962                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6447.446962                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43063.469971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43063.469971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43063.469971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43063.469971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              589                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.147708                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    55.632353                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1455296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1455296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1658969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1658969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1658969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1658969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       189514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       131191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8434                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8434                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7768                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7768                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       320705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       320705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       320705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       320705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2409533443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2409533443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5292752283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5292752283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69541268                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69541268                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34547232                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34547232                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7702285726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7702285726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7702285726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7702285726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13436185037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13436185037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1206083884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1206083884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14642268921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14642268921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056819                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056819                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053573                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053573                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12714.276745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12714.276745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40343.867209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40343.867209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8245.348352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8245.348352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4447.377961                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4447.377961                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24016.731033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24016.731033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24016.731033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24016.731033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                9293568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          7630023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           416409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             5939121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                5050753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            85.042096                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 798930                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             43976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    42973192                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     37885                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6980403                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    10788                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1925                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2835                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   279                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      681                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                43011077                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6991191                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         49953595                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          48673                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     50002268                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     7723190                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      5562                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1359                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1471                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 7728752                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          7723190                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           5562                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      7728752                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       413796923                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          19367440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      61322975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    9293568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           5849683                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     13369526                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3346649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     69265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              80967245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                6008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41697                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1506074                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          288                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  7721399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               552563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2913                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         117616541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.638291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.959867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               104254528     88.64%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  816257      0.69%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  960958      0.82%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1713992      1.46%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1419991      1.21%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  586388      0.50%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1955965      1.66%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  421912      0.36%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 5486550      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           117616541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.022459                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.148196                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                20958094                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             81738883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 11922126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               807725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               2189713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1139186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred               101010                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              71114524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               335626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               2189713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                22150930                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               33873368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      43341870                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 11481154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4579506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              67156903                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                681335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3069410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             515                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           70770910                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            313189992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       286825978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             6578                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             50413534                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                20357376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            766049                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        705865                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  8415941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            12847707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8121662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1063533                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1519311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  61868936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1182413                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 88920941                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            95302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13575964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36252507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        283075                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    117616541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.756024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.499146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           86757290     73.76%     73.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            9288969      7.90%     81.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4169197      3.54%     85.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3602778      3.06%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10372979      8.82%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1998574      1.70%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1065464      0.91%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             282646      0.24%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              78644      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      117616541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  32554      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   991      0.01%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7574498     95.71%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               306293      3.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14269      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37628828     42.32%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               61233      0.07%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 12      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             10      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1700      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           10      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            43862772     49.33%     91.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7352107      8.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              88920941                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.214890                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7914336                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.089004                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         303501191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         76636250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     54272980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              15357                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8072                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6822                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              96812856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   8152                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          352971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2867339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4206                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17562                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1118674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31965666                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       675765                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               2189713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               26359334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               362918                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           63155083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           115853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12847707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8121662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            886435                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 65883                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         17562                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        204959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       158107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              363066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             87182630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43355393                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1738311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       103734                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    50641864                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 7379983                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7286471                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.210689                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      86418752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     54279802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 30301489                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 53896999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.131175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13446942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         899338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           317124                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    115426828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     97406330     84.39%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9593486      8.31%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2169699      1.88%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1301842      1.13%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       990133      0.86%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       584983      0.51%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1011097      0.88%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       533551      0.46%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1835707      1.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    115426828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38871006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              49210952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16983356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9980368                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     195496                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6424614                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 43923604                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              553281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1835707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   175182622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  127588630                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1428402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      296180382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  4796803337                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   38801367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     49141313                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             38801367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.664493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.664493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.093769                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.093769                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               391717330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               56386728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     5093                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2344                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              202967536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                722997                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           614130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          498.669942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            7060189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           614642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            11.486669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      74938249500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   498.669942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.973965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8336018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         8336018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7060189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7060189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7060189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7060189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7060189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7060189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       661158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       661158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       661158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        661158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       661158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       661158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8979670253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8979670253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8979670253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8979670253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8979670253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8979670253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7721347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7721347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7721347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7721347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7721347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7721347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.085627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.085627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.085627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13581.731225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13581.731225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13581.731225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13581.731225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13581.731225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13581.731225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.177885                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        46487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        46487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        46487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        46487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        46487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        46487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       614671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       614671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       614671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       614671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       614671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       614671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7323309836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7323309836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7323309836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7323309836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7323309836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7323309836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3568000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3568000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.079607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.079607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.079607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11914.194481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11914.194481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11914.194481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11914.194481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11914.194481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11914.194481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           363457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.510277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13025047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           363822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.800603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      70981354000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   485.510277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.948262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60307713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60307713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8518372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8518372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4270609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4270609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        99866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        99866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        97035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        97035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12788981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12788981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12788981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12788981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       402659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       402659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1566002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1566002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        14224                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14224                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10931                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10931                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1968661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1968661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1968661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1968661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6122123976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6122123976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  79209493026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79209493026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    131211992                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    131211992                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     58251087                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     58251087                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  85331617002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85331617002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  85331617002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85331617002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8921031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8921031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5836611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5836611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       114090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       114090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       107966                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       107966                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14757642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14757642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14757642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14757642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.268307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.268307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.124674                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.124674                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101245                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.101245                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15204.239756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15204.239756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50580.710003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50580.710003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9224.690101                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9224.690101                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5328.980606                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5328.980606                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43345.003026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43345.003026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43345.003026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43345.003026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20069                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            177                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.967318                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   113.384181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       327725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           327725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       171279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1402802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1402802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1455                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1455                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1574081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1574081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1574081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1574081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       231380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       163200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       163200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12769                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12769                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10931                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10931                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       394580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       394580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       394580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       394580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2885564133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885564133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7076211500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7076211500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     89844256                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89844256                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36388913                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36388913                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9961775633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9961775633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9961775633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9961775633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 169230997009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 169230997009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25854670209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25854670209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 195085667218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 195085667218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.111920                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111920                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101245                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101245                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12471.104387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12471.104387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43359.139093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43359.139093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7036.123111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7036.123111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3328.964688                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3328.964688                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25246.529558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25246.529558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25246.529558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25246.529558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1519280505301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1519280505301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1519280505301                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1519280505301                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   42637                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   50394                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
