
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.884209                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1884208734500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1884208734500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 147223                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   147223                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4942377286                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 320260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   381.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56126572                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56126572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst          25914048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28566400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1052800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1052800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7560448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7560448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             404907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                446350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          118132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               118132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             13753279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1407674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15160953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          558749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             558749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4012532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4012532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4012532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            13753279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1407674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19173485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        446350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       118132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      446350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     118132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28559040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7558400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28566400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7560448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            154                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               28089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               28219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               28273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               27775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               27529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               27274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               26987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               27827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               27514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              28065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              27430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              27510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              28401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              28311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              28460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1884200137500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  446350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 118132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    402858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      3909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      4354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      3935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      2519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      2152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     2100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                     1201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     1161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     1136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     1384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     1615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     2004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     1906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     1810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     1674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                     1668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                     1785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                     1617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        65499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      551.419716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     340.219574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     417.619626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14326     21.87%     21.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10638     16.24%     38.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5049      7.71%     45.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3016      4.60%     50.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2484      3.79%     54.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2116      3.23%     57.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1384      2.11%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1595      2.44%     62.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        24891     38.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          65499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        64.074383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       16.502018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2530.928651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           6961     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.958644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.733261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        3.741198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               5665     81.35%     81.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 36      0.52%     81.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                854     12.26%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                 55      0.79%     94.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 10      0.14%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 13      0.19%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 23      0.33%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 94      1.35%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 12      0.17%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 41      0.59%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 13      0.19%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 17      0.24%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 13      0.19%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                 12      0.17%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                  3      0.04%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 21      0.30%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                  7      0.10%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::33                  2      0.03%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::34                  2      0.03%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::35                  1      0.01%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36                  2      0.03%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::37                  3      0.04%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::38                  3      0.04%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::39                  2      0.03%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40                  8      0.11%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::41                  7      0.10%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::43                  3      0.04%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44                  1      0.01%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::45                  1      0.01%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::46                  1      0.01%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::47                  7      0.10%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48                  2      0.03%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::49                  1      0.01%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::50                  1      0.01%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::51                  1      0.01%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52                  4      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::54                  1      0.01%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56                  9      0.13%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::57                  8      0.11%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::58                  4      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::59                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     7297586750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               15664493000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2231175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       16353.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  35103.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       15.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     402726                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96110                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3337927.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      88.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     1774702818500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       62917660000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       46582219000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                     19215856                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              295757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            118132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            158094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           158094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       887017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       920147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1044827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30817728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30862044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5309120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5309120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36171164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36171164                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            35520                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            29834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1588295250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               22000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3825084824                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376625999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.295855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1728026399000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.295855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.080991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.080991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21134133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21134133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12414876231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12414876231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12436010364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  12436010364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12436010364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  12436010364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122162.618497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122162.618497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 298779.270095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 298779.270095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 298046.982960                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 298046.982960                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 298046.982960                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 298046.982960                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        364154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                28275                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.879010                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12137133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12137133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10251971233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10251971233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10264108366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10264108366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10264108366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10264108366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70156.838150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70156.838150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 246726.300371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246726.300371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 245994.208892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245994.208892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 245994.208892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245994.208892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14968340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12984271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            377638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10101234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 5190890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             51.388672                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  808188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              32062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9240282                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      17901                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           211                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   766280                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6385567                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2310                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          159                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  298488                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15625849                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      20211                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           370                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1064768                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4001359                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6809                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          657                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4008168                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        176815826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56126572                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56126572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2538059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                      5497                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3593513250                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.cpi                               3.150305                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.317430                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6380                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211465                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74787     40.94%     40.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1901      1.04%     42.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105856     57.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182675                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73420     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1901      1.28%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73420     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148872                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1833844528000     97.33%     97.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                80077500      0.00%     97.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               673181000      0.04%     97.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             49609971000      2.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1884207757500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981721                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.693584                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814956                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175516     91.22%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6804      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5126      2.66%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192403                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5869                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1735                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2100                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1905                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1735                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.324587                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080952                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        36214076000      1.92%      1.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           4058025000      0.22%      2.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1843935646500     97.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.tickCycles                        85802593                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        91013233                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.iobus.throughput                       1436106                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2705924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2705924                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           380105365                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            43180001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1458006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.628197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            18953120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1458517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             12.994789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       31559763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.628197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.995368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          21870509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         21870509                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     18953123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        18953123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      18953123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         18953123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     18953123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        18953123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1458693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1458693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1458693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1458693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1458693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1458693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20024605540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20024605540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20024605540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20024605540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20024605540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20024605540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     20411816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20411816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     20411816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     20411816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     20411816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     20411816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13727.772424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13727.772424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13727.772424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13727.772424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13727.772424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13727.772424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1458693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1458693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1458693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1458693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1458693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1458693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17099831460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17099831460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17099831460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17099831460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17099831460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17099831460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11722.707561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.707561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11722.707561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.707561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11722.707561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.707561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               125457945                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2557417                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2557383                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9619                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       838210                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       345773                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304222                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2917325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3663192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6580517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     93352448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    143032604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      236385052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         236375068                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        13888                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2697678498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2191733540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2194708666                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           339421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65326.541432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2981708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           404583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             7.369830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       5872511750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 54488.510247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst 10838.031185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.831429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.165375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         30250697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        30250697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      2261599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2261599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       838210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       838210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.inst            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst       187541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      2449140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2449140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      2449140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2449140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       288654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       288654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.inst           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       116680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       405334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        405334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       405334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       405334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  18918477985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18918477985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       214497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       214497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8091487855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8091487855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27009965840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27009965840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27009965840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27009965840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2550253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2550253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       838210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       838210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.inst           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst       304221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2854474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2854474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2854474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2854474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.113186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.818182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.383537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65540.328507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65540.328507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11916.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11916.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69347.684736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69347.684736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66636.319282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66636.319282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66636.319282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66636.319282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        76620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            76620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       288654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       288654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       116680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       405334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       405334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       405334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       405334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15309737015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15309737015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       281515                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281515                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6590751145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6590751145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21900488160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21900488160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21900488160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21900488160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   1333191500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1333191500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   1887604500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1887604500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   3220796000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3220796000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.113186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.383537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53038.367786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53038.367786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15639.722222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15639.722222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56485.697163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56485.697163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54030.720739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54030.720739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54030.720739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54030.720739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1395313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.982337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            13766743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1395825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.862800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          86814250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   511.982337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63632966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63632966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      7808132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7808132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst      5576867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5576867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst       182710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst       198999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       198999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      13384999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13384999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     13384999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13384999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1201593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1201593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       573675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       573675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.inst        17309                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17309                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1775268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1775268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1775268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1775268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  31027712510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31027712510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20753893806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20753893806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    231648000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    231648000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  51781606316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51781606316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  51781606316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51781606316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9009725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9009725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst      6150542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6150542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       200019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst       198999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       198999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     15160267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15160267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     15160267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15160267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.093272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.086537                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086537                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25822.148190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25822.148190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36177.092964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36177.092964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13383.095499                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13383.095499                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29168.331945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29168.331945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29168.331945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29168.331945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       838210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            838210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       127240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       269470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       269470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       396710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       396710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       396710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       396710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1074353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1074353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       304205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        17306                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17306                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1378558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1378558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1378558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1378558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  26912219745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26912219745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10275413589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10275413589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    196866500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196866500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37187633334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37187633334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37187633334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37187633334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   1423283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1423283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   2003033000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2003033000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst   3426316000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3426316000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.119244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049460                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049460                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.086522                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086522                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.090932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25049.699442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25049.699442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33777.924719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33777.924719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11375.621172                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11375.621172                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26975.748089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26975.748089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26975.748089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26975.748089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
