
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               1191522940000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 293885                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 258084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   293885                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  6837.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              174264280                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  2009421070                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2009421070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.191523                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1191522940000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             80.283547                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               179637334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            223753609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              24504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          26222048                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         174812836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               271009171                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                40320873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.committedInsts                  2009421070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    2009421070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.185937                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    484973463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    484973463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29869.727061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29869.727061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27793.909016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27793.909016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    483514457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       483514457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  43580111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43580111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1459006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1459006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  40534220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40534220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1458385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1458385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst    210794896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    210794896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64653.542435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64653.542435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62992.275671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62992.275671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst    210652621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      210652621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9198582750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9198582750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       142275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        70327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        70327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4532168250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4532168250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        71948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        71948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    695768359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    695768359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32960.294758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32960.294758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29448.746286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29448.746286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     694167078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        694167078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  52778693750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52778693750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1601281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1601281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        70948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        70948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  45066388250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45066388250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1530333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1530333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    695768359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    695768359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32960.294758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32960.294758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29448.746286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29448.746286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    694167078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       694167078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  52778693750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52778693750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1601281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1601281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        70948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        70948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  45066388250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45066388250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1530333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1530333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            453.605247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1393067051                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4094.559536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1526237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1530333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1393067051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4094.559536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           694167078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         828837250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        95962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             95962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.discardedOps                      54230447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                722376032                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    721933722                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     442310                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                511558478                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    511131393                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     427085                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               210817554                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   210802329                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     15225                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    683609242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    683609242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20652.120610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20652.120610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18596.962668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18596.962668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    683586607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       683586607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    467460750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    467460750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        22635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         22635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    420942250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420942250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        22635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    683609242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    683609242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20652.120610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20652.120610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18596.962668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18596.962668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     683586607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        683586607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    467460750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    467460750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        22635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          22635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    420942250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420942250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        22635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    683609242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    683609242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20652.120610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20652.120610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18596.962668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18596.962668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    683586607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       683586607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    467460750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    467460750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        22635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         22635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    420942250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420942250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        22635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1573                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          30201.758726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1367241118                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1688.672888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.824547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850098                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             20893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             22634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1367241118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1688.672888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           683586607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.idleCycles                       103732278                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.ipc                               0.843215                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               683609362                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   683609242                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       120                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst        71948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        71948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65940.521766                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65940.521766                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53018.517549                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53018.517549                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst         5079                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         5079                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4409376750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4409376750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.929407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.929407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst        66869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3545295250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3545295250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.929407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        66869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1481020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1481020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70256.406419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70256.406419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57611.646625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57611.646625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1071704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1071704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  28757071250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28757071250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.276374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       409316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       409316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23581368750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23581368750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.276374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       409316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       409316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        95962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total        95962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks        95962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total        95962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1552968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1552968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69650.341779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69650.341779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56966.649516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56966.649516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1076783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1076783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33166448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  33166448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.306629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.306629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       476185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        476185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27126664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27126664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.306629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       476185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       476185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1552968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1552968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69650.341779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69650.341779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56966.649516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56966.649516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1076783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1076783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  33166448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  33166448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.306629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.306629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       476185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       476185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27126664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27126664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.306629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       476185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       476185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2674                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             2.311701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        13739527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1349.197229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst 31332.044596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.956178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998962                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           443405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           476139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         13739527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32681.241826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1100691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.numCycles                       2383045880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.tickCycles                      2279313602                       # Number of cycles that the CPU actually ticked
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         105531456                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        45269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3156628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           3201897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      920427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      34576250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2370536750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                88568547                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1448576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    104082880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      105531456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1481020                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1481019                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback        95962                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        71948                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        71948                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   39                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.data_through_bus               34757888                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1019276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1019276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1283589500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4535569500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.throughput                     29170977                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     34757888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            34757888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              409315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             409315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66869                       # Transaction distribution
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgGap                      2193961.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26986.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8236.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          25.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       25.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          156519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             156519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             25577163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                25577163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3593814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            25577163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               29170977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3593814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3593814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       196329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      176.935328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     127.479402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     206.642311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          75423     38.42%     38.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90953     46.33%     84.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17208      8.76%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          945      0.48%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          960      0.49%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          641      0.33%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1086      0.55%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          966      0.49%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8147      4.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         196329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 30457664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  30475776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     18112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4280512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4282112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       186496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          186496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst          30475776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             30475776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4282112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4282112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     593665055500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       39787540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      558069752500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             476184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                476184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      63.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               29463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               29813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               29826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               29780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               29692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               29773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               29849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               29830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               29753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               29878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              29844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              29908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              29785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              29573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              29507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              29627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean       115.306631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       36.801532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1128.564145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           4038     99.53%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            6      0.15%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383           12      0.30%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    475416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.readBursts                      476184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  476184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readReqs                        476184                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   62.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.readRowHits                     295815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2379505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totGap                    1191522864500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               12842674500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totQLat                     3919530750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.485827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.464369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.858223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3072     75.72%     75.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                984     24.25%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66908                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66908                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50635                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
