
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.112126                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5112125984500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5112125984500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1274105                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2608650                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            32578287771                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 593532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   156.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   199930130                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     409344539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            852800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10650880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11532416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       852800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          852800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6281856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2990080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9271936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             166420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                180194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           98154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               144874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker             13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               166819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2083454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2255894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          166819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             166819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1228815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       584900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1813714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1228815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       590446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker            13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              166819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2083454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4069609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                      9050072                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.data_through_bus               46265107                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47569                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.042447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         4994846763009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.042447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.002653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428616                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              904                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      46720                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.throughput                       2555207                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                13062542                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numCycles                      10224253344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   199930130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     409344539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             374365317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2307745                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     39976374                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    374365317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           682286798                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          323369753                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            233715334                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           157233726                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      35661072                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    27238907                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8422165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               9770516870.697727                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               453736473.302274                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.044378                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.955622                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          43125613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                175318      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 373241846     91.18%     91.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   144365      0.04%     91.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    122968      0.03%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 27238907      6.65%     97.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8422165      2.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  409345569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            790679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.665021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           243526070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            791191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            307.796815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      148848615500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.665021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         245108466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        245108466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    243526070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       243526070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     243526070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        243526070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    243526070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       243526070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       791198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        791198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       791198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         791198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       791198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        791198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    244317268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    244317268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    244317268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    244317268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    244317268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    244317268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements         3477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     3.026310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs         7886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs         3489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     2.260246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5102111082500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     3.026310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.189144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.189144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses        28774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses        28774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         7887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         7889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         7889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         4332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         4332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        12221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        12221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.354530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.354530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.354472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.354472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.354472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.354472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements         7632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.014183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        12951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs         7644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.694270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5100459675500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     5.014183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.313386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.313386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses        52390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses        52390                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        12959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        12959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        12959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         8824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         8824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         8824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        21783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        21783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.405087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.405087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.405087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1622084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20175355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1622596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             12.433998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.999424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          88814480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         88814480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12018728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12018728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8095451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8095451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data        58906                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         58906                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      20114179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20114179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     20173085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20173085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       905666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        905666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       316462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       316462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       402754                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       402754                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1222128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1222128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1624882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1624882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     12924394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12924394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8411913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8411913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       461660                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       461660                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21336307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21336307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21797967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21797967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.872404                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.872404                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1535815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1535815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                55211163                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         279231827                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus      3014592                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           105997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64822.035422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3456726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           170125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            20.318742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 51908.839631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.132256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2490.541573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 10422.519483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.038003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.159035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        39461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         32199668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        32199668                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         2802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       777860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1275544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2062710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1538774                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1538774                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       179729                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       179729                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         2802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       777860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1455273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2242439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         2802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       777860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1455273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2242439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        32246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        45577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1805                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1805                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       134458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       134458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       166704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        180035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       166704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       180035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         2807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       791185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1307790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2108287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1538774                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1538774                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1825                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1825                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       314187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       314187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         2807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       791185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1621977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2422474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         2807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       791185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1621977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2422474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989041                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989041                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.427955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.427955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        98154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            98154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
