
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.403672                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2403671650000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2403671650000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 179946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   231118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7169234406                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 425424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   335.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60331512                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77488235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           512456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7063576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            64640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           678080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           186240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1335136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124660096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       512456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        64640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       186240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          763336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1298488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        159300                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1558028                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6759432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            110404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             20869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           324622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            39825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           389507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47768202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              213197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2938661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               26892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              282102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               77481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              555457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51862365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         213197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          26892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          77481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             317571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1557457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             540210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              66274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             648187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2812128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1557457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47768202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             213197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3478871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              26892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             348375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              77481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1203644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54674493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      13478771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       446331                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    13478771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     446331                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                862641344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2859200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 109811808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2805264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  401653                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2355                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              837730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              837384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              837568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              837998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              839137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              839827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              839940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              841195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              842685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              845257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             845425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             845905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             847162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             848062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             846854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             846642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                3194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               3729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               3501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2402635561500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                13443376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   35387                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 429332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  16999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    985231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    962596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    957159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3278666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2351782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2351346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2368287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     47071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     52789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     17803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    17814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    17764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    17625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    17616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    17601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    17598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        48736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    17758.945502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    3164.892038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   18326.287457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71           8690     17.83%     17.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135         4827      9.90%     27.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         1035      2.12%     29.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263          694      1.42%     31.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327          398      0.82%     32.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391          429      0.88%     32.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          259      0.53%     33.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519          302      0.62%     34.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          176      0.36%     34.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          149      0.31%     34.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          171      0.35%     35.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          272      0.56%     35.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839           78      0.16%     35.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903           84      0.17%     36.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967           41      0.08%     36.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          422      0.87%     36.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095           26      0.05%     37.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159           34      0.07%     37.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           22      0.05%     37.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          232      0.48%     37.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           28      0.06%     37.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          166      0.34%     38.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           13      0.03%     38.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          104      0.21%     38.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           12      0.02%     38.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           32      0.07%     38.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735            7      0.01%     38.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799           80      0.16%     38.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           11      0.02%     38.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           11      0.02%     38.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991            7      0.01%     38.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          239      0.49%     39.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119            4      0.01%     39.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           11      0.02%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247            7      0.01%     39.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           71      0.15%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            4      0.01%     39.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439            5      0.01%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            2      0.00%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           72      0.15%     39.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            2      0.00%     39.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695            3      0.01%     39.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            1      0.00%     39.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823            3      0.01%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            2      0.00%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951            6      0.01%     39.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            4      0.01%     39.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          360      0.74%     40.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143            3      0.01%     40.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207            3      0.01%     40.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            2      0.00%     40.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           69      0.14%     40.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            3      0.01%     40.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463            6      0.01%     40.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            6      0.01%     40.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           67      0.14%     40.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            5      0.01%     40.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719            8      0.02%     40.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            5      0.01%     40.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           67      0.14%     40.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            5      0.01%     40.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            9      0.02%     40.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            4      0.01%     40.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          338      0.69%     41.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            3      0.01%     41.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            7      0.01%     41.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            5      0.01%     41.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           70      0.14%     41.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           13      0.03%     41.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            5      0.01%     41.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            7      0.01%     41.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           72      0.15%     41.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            1      0.00%     41.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            5      0.01%     41.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            3      0.01%     41.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           64      0.13%     41.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            3      0.01%     41.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            4      0.01%     42.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            3      0.01%     42.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          280      0.57%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            1      0.00%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            2      0.00%     42.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           73      0.15%     42.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            4      0.01%     42.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511            4      0.01%     42.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            1      0.00%     42.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639          129      0.26%     43.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767            2      0.00%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            4      0.01%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          176      0.36%     43.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023            1      0.00%     43.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087           10      0.02%     43.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          327      0.67%     44.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            5      0.01%     44.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            7      0.01%     44.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            1      0.00%     44.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           98      0.20%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            1      0.00%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            1      0.00%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            2      0.00%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           73      0.15%     44.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727            4      0.01%     44.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791            8      0.02%     44.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            2      0.00%     44.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919           60      0.12%     44.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            5      0.01%     44.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            2      0.00%     44.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            3      0.01%     44.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          268      0.55%     45.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            1      0.00%     45.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367            7      0.01%     45.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           66      0.14%     45.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559            2      0.00%     45.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            1      0.00%     45.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           64      0.13%     45.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           42      0.09%     45.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            2      0.00%     45.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          515      1.06%     46.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           42      0.09%     46.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           66      0.14%     46.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967           65      0.13%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          267      0.55%     47.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479           59      0.12%     47.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           69      0.14%     47.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           94      0.19%     47.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          322      0.66%     48.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503          138      0.28%     48.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759          128      0.26%     49.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           70      0.14%     49.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          279      0.57%     49.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527           60      0.12%     50.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11655            1      0.00%     50.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           64      0.13%     50.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           65      0.13%     50.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          328      0.67%     50.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           63      0.13%     51.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12608-12615            1      0.00%     51.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           64      0.13%     51.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           64      0.13%     51.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          357      0.73%     52.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           65      0.13%     52.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13959            1      0.00%     52.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           64      0.13%     52.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            1      0.00%     52.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          229      0.47%     52.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           64      0.13%     52.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           64      0.13%     53.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111          190      0.39%     53.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          321      0.66%     54.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           65      0.13%     54.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           64      0.13%     54.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          672      1.38%     55.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           64      0.13%     55.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           64      0.13%     56.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          321      0.66%     56.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671          189      0.39%     57.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           65      0.13%     57.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           64      0.13%     57.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18304-18311            1      0.00%     57.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18368-18375            1      0.00%     57.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          229      0.47%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           64      0.13%     57.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           63      0.13%     58.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19008-19015            1      0.00%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207            1      0.00%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          357      0.73%     58.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           65      0.13%     58.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19904-19911            1      0.00%     58.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           65      0.13%     59.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           64      0.13%     59.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20288-20295            1      0.00%     59.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            1      0.00%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          327      0.67%     59.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20608-20615            1      0.00%     59.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           64      0.13%     60.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           64      0.13%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255           61      0.13%     60.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          274      0.56%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           69      0.14%     61.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023          128      0.26%     61.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279          137      0.28%     61.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22336-22343            1      0.00%     61.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          323      0.66%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           93      0.19%     62.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22848-22855            1      0.00%     62.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           68      0.14%     62.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303           57      0.12%     62.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          268      0.55%     63.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815           65      0.13%     63.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           65      0.13%     63.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           43      0.09%     63.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          514      1.05%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24768-24775            1      0.00%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           42      0.09%     64.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           66      0.14%     64.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351           64      0.13%     64.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25408-25415            1      0.00%     64.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25472-25479            1      0.00%     64.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          264      0.54%     65.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25728-25735            1      0.00%     65.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863           57      0.12%     65.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           69      0.14%     65.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           95      0.19%     65.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          323      0.66%     66.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26752-26759            1      0.00%     66.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887          137      0.28%     66.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27008-27015            1      0.00%     66.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143          127      0.26%     67.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           68      0.14%     67.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          275      0.56%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911           61      0.13%     68.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           64      0.13%     68.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           65      0.13%     68.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          329      0.68%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           65      0.13%     69.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           64      0.13%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           64      0.13%     69.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          356      0.73%     70.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215           65      0.13%     70.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           64      0.13%     70.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          228      0.47%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           64      0.13%     70.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           64      0.13%     71.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495          189      0.39%     71.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          321      0.66%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           63      0.13%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32128-32135            1      0.00%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           64      0.13%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          673      1.38%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           64      0.13%     73.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33408-33415            1      0.00%     73.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           64      0.13%     74.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          321      0.66%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055          189      0.39%     75.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           64      0.13%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           65      0.13%     75.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          229      0.47%     75.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           64      0.13%     75.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335           65      0.13%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          356      0.73%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           64      0.13%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           64      0.13%     77.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           65      0.13%     77.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          329      0.68%     77.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127           65      0.13%     78.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           64      0.13%     78.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639           61      0.13%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          276      0.57%     78.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           68      0.14%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407          127      0.26%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38528-38535            1      0.00%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663          137      0.28%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          322      0.66%     80.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           94      0.19%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           69      0.14%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687           57      0.12%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39808-39815            1      0.00%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          264      0.54%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40128-40135            1      0.00%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199           64      0.13%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           65      0.13%     81.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           42      0.09%     81.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          513      1.05%     82.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           43      0.09%     82.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           64      0.13%     82.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735           65      0.13%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          266      0.55%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247           57      0.12%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           68      0.14%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42688-42695            1      0.00%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           93      0.19%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          323      0.66%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271          137      0.28%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527          128      0.26%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           69      0.14%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          274      0.56%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295           61      0.13%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           64      0.13%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           64      0.13%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44928-44935            1      0.00%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          327      0.67%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45184-45191            1      0.00%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45248-45255            1      0.00%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           64      0.13%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           64      0.13%     87.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45632-45639            1      0.00%     87.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           64      0.13%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          356      0.73%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46528-46535            1      0.00%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           63      0.13%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           64      0.13%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          228      0.47%     88.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           64      0.13%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           65      0.13%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879          190      0.39%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          322      0.66%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           67      0.14%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           64      0.13%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            1      0.00%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            1      0.00%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         4701      9.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          48736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   326317088000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              407972525500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  67393855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 14261582500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24209.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1058.08                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30267.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         358.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       45.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   13435330                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     39380                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       172539.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.87                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55671828                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            13814146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13814146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             432166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            432166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             16999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       731808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       951163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1683185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     26886752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     26886752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28569937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       735681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5070064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      5806173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    107547008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    107547008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           113353181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133816795                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           416936000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              202000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         14607946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1594364889                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        30360976750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    63237                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                50379.569066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1749643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   128631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.602032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2375594870500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36839.610574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5231.934240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3832.971184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.993316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      504.116293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      687.425497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     7.900489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1683.581513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1591.035818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.562128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.079833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.058486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.010489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.025689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.024277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.768731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55883                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997803                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17683980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17683980                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             467937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             177040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             128901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              64374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             282422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             131846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1291241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597674                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597674                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            62009                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            18402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33187                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113598                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              467937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              239049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              128901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               82776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              282422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              165033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1404839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             467937                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             239049                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             128901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              82776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             282422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             165033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1404839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           466                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1020                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         104688                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9751                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          18920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            111157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             21471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           111157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            21471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155022                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72979250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     86304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    221738500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    199604750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      581506500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        93996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       139494                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       233490                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    736617229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1419662152                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2156279381                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72979250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    822921229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       805500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    221738500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1619266902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2737785881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72979250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    822921229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       805500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    221738500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1619266902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2737785881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         475530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         183509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         129911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          65489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         285333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         134397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1312904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597674                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597674                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1433                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1031                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2934                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166697                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        52107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          475530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          350206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          129911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           93642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          285333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          186504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1559861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         475530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         350206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         129911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          93642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         285333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         186504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1559861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.035252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.018981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990230                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991489                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.989331                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.990116                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.628014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.346357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.363099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.317405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.007775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.116038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.010202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.115124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.317405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.116038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.115124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72256.683168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77402.690583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        80550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76172.621092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78245.687966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26843.304251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   201.708155                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   136.758824                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    80.375215                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75542.737053                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75034.997463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16168.982828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72256.683168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75733.593687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        80550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76172.621092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75416.464161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17660.628046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72256.683168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75733.593687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        80550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76172.621092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75416.464161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17660.628046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58494                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58494                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          466                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1020                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1486                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            36256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           36256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60167250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     72428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185219250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    167287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4660466                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10201020                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14861486                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    613187771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1183833848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1797021619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60167250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    685615771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185219250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1351120848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2282865619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60167250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    685615771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185219250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1351120848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2282865619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25080786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26172240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51253026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    932356006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   8515525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9447881006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  26013142006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34687765000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60700907006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.989331                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506476                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.346357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.363099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.116038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.116038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59571.534653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64957.847534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63649.226804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65886.963371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64053.263019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62884.603733                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62570.499366                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62677.326183                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59571.534653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63097.346862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63649.226804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62962.898924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62965.181460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59571.534653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63097.346862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63649.226804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62962.898924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62965.181460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58818769                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1020134                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1020133                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            432166                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           432166                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           265053                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1501                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1503                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            80260                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           80260                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       831165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2419053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        52402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               3318247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     26575552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     37346205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        21908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        85644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           64029309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             141280603                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          100404                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2176001251                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1872526171                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1845075146                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          10168460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          31121231                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48762623                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             13806510                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            13806510                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2770                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2770                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        11390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         3024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       716834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       731808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     26886752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     26886752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                27618560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        15354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       713159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       735681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    107547008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    107547008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            108282689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               117209335                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              7953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              1512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy            358920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         13443376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           729038000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         36855449250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7998897                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6203                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6598042                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1992                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         556                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                678                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5672                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   123                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      209                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8005100                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6600034                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14596939                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8195                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14605134                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32342389                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3452                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         556                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                678                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2628                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32345841                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32342389                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32345841                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       113704712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31867189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42038889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37421309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4937                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1198994                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4247035                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37421309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4937                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          193973220                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39529492                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1366                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15264742                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8367651                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6897091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              111017320.581957                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2687391.418043                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023635                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976365                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5615714                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82892                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           891676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.602493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           43661110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           892188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.937119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       8187850250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   495.418624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     7.559512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     8.624357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.967615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.014765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.016844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45469557                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        45469557                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     31868764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8050810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3741536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43661110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     31868764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8050810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3741536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        43661110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     31868764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8050810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3741536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       43661110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       476273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       130180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       309800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       476273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       130180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       309800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       476273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       130180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       309800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1759106250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4179473576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5938579826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1759106250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4179473576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5938579826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1759106250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4179473576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5938579826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32345037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8180990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4051336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44577363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32345037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8180990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4051336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44577363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32345037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8180990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4051336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44577363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13512.876402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13490.876617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6481.375587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13512.876402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13490.876617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6481.375587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13512.876402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13490.876617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6481.375587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4072                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.425339                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24058                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24058                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       130180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       130180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       415922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       130180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       415922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1498352750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3400846060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4899198810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1498352750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3400846060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4899198810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1498352750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3400846060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4899198810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11509.853664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11901.806735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11779.128803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11509.853664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11901.806735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11779.128803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11509.853664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11901.806735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11779.128803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           629840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23225212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           630352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.844830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         21768000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   497.071711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8.097941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.827465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.970843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.015816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         98826568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        98826568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6868032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1817018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4638626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13323676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5966375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1312197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2134420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9412992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        32972                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        73365                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       138288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        34722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        74382                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12834407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3129215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6773046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22736668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12834407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3129215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6773046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22736668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       177045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        63739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       270648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       511432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       168130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        28623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       606733                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       803486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6464                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3698                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11912                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       345175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        92362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       877381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1314918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       345175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        92362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       877381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1314918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    908043250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3905088066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4813131316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1020010237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23150589506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24170599743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23020750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     49421249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     72441999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1928053487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27055677572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28983731059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1928053487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27055677572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28983731059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7045077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1880757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4909274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13835108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6134505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1340820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2741153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        77063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250074                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138288                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        74384                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13179582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3221577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7650427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24051586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13179582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3221577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7650427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24051586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.055130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.221342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047987                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047634                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14246.273867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14428.660348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9411.087527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35636.035251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38156.140355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30082.166638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13154.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13364.318280                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6081.430406                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20874.964672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30836.862859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22042.234618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20874.964672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30836.862859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22042.234618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3099                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.139429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    61.980000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       139516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       553631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       553631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          397                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          397                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       693147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       693147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       693147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       693147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       131132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       194871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        53102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        81725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3301                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       276596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       276596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    780368750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1698635349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2479004099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    960165763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1859721243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2819887006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19520250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     38036501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57556751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1740534513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3558356592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5298891105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1740534513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3558356592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5298891105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27401033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28573458500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  55974491500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1439106494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  13338859363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14777965857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28840139494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  41912317863                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  70752457357                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050400                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.042835                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020198                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12243.190982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12953.629541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12721.257134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33545.252524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35021.679843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34504.582515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11154.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11522.720691                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11395.119976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18844.703590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19314.331730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19157.511696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18844.703590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19314.331730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19157.511696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2093956                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2077                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1416211                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      373                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         554                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                221                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1760                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    36                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       79                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2096033                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1416584                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3510167                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2450                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3512617                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8180990                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1185                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         554                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                221                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     944                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8182175                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8180990                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1185                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8182175                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       581419148                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7970398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10116193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9089557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2019                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     304010                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1112792                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9089557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         2019                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           52989642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9881584                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                580                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3676962                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2186992                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1489970                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              545339727.510646                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36079420.489354                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.062054                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.937946                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1445114                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4780240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3898194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           223690                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             3180058                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2524004                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            79.369747                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 414035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10926394                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     23081                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3349602                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     6536                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         552                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                540                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2337                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      728                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   164                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10949475                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3356138                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14275996                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          29617                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14305613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4052754                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4681                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         552                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                540                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1722                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                      963                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4057435                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4052754                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4681                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4057435                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88329548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9368286                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32480016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4780240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2938039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6853051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1759446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     50956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              19165610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       724302                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          479                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4051341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               290206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2075                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          37405927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.043731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.431289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30558019     81.69%     81.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  385772      1.03%     82.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  515915      1.38%     84.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  819609      2.19%     86.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  625256      1.67%     87.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  342326      0.92%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1044683      2.79%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  230213      0.62%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2884134      7.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            37405927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.054118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.367714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 9993670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19739606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6190224                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               324742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1156786                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              609493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53173                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36942390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               178785                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1156786                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10542033                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6802518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11433975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5951508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1518203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34853467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                325261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               883658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents             140                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37388012                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            160878048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       148313673                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             3357                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             26544776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10843235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            285604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        261905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3322163                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6624625                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3901879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           530898                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          772979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32179363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             501455                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34749523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            55329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7166724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19100923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        145150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     37405927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.928984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.590317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24720555     66.09%     66.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3979487     10.64%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2312001      6.18%     82.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1968335      5.26%     88.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2779247      7.43%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             968566      2.59%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             497905      1.33%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             144867      0.39%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34964      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       37405927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19427      1.28%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1392100     91.45%     92.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               110700      7.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             8337      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19784762     56.94%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               28044      0.08%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  4      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              4      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           384      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            4      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     57.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11409832     32.83%     89.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3518152     10.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34749523                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.393408                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1522228                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.043806                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108504523                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39852721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28051848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               7496                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3959                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3344                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              36259410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4004                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          206643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1533647                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2027                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       562515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5286265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       344866                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1156786                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                5177746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                87629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32763326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            61736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6624625                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3901879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            359192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 29253                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2415                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        107780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        89787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              197567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33835206                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11139307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           914317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        82508                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14623996                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3761047                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3484689                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.383056                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33433924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     28055192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 16098734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 29085804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.317620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.553491                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7134883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         356305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           171320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     36248935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.700393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.738300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27340525     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4430140     12.22%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1255420      3.46%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       637620      1.76%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510981      1.41%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       317875      0.88%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       419132      1.16%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311355      0.86%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1025887      2.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     36248935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            20549284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              25388512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8430342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5090978                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94231                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3241086                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3299                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 22644563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              295800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1025887                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    67225559                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   66247729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         359329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       50923621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3554004914                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   20493925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25333153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             20493925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.310036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.310036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.232017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.232017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               157011420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29864331                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    46835                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   45178                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               66864323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                296992                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1347826044250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1347826044250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1347826044250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1347826044250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
