
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.842688                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1842688380000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1842688380000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 219315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   219315                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5608158508                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 303992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   328.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    72060922                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      72060922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           480512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20113024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           147456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2236096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           291264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2520128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28440832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       480512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       147456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       291264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          919232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7466176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7466176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            314266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             34939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                444388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              260767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10915044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1439393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               80022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1213497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              158065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1367637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15434423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         260767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          80022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         158065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             498854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4051784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4051784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4051784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             260767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10915044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1439393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              80022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1213497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             158065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1367637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19486207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         98062                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        44473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       98062                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      44473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  6274816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2845184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   6275968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2846272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             40                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                6222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                6247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                6426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               6527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               6117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1841676054500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   98062                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  44473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     65686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      8102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      1814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     1937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     2004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      417.926863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     236.963090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     396.574874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           6839     31.34%     31.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4667     21.39%     52.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1650      7.56%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1022      4.68%     64.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          930      4.26%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          496      2.27%     71.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          383      1.76%     73.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          375      1.72%     74.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5460     25.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          2614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        37.504973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      907.786867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           2612     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            2614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          2614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.006886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.398766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        4.165807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::1                  24      0.92%      0.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2                   7      0.27%      1.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::3                   2      0.08%      1.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4                   1      0.04%      1.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::5                   1      0.04%      1.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::7                   3      0.11%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8                   2      0.08%      1.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10                  1      0.04%      1.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::13                  1      0.04%      1.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::15                  1      0.04%      1.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               1860     71.16%     72.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 26      0.99%     73.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                431     16.49%     90.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                 74      2.83%     93.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 23      0.88%     93.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  9      0.34%     94.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 11      0.42%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 40      1.53%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  8      0.31%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 18      0.69%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                  8      0.31%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                  7      0.27%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                  3      0.11%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                  5      0.19%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                  6      0.23%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                  9      0.34%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                  5      0.19%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::33                  1      0.04%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::34                  1      0.04%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::35                  1      0.04%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36                  1      0.04%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::37                  1      0.04%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::39                  4      0.15%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::41                  3      0.11%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::42                  2      0.08%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::43                  1      0.04%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::47                  1      0.04%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48                  4      0.15%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::51                  1      0.04%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::53                  1      0.04%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56                  3      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::57                  2      0.08%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::58                  1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            2614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2880597750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4718922750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    490220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       29380.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  48130.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        3.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         4.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      85382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     35296                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12920868.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      84.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     1767714784750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       61531340000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       13440274000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                     19530148                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               44582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              44547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             44473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               43                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              43                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             56556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            56556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       190124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       203432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        50712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        50712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 254144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6962432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      6978084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2159808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2159808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             9137892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               35977992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus             9984                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            12394500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           511002500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               45000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          763523207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          153153250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337462                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65424.483078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2473806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.144194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54864.362424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2329.333896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2645.609154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      576.513665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      589.890909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2235.608932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2183.164099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.837164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.035543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.040369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.034113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.033312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1028                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994308                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26155869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26155869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             519275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             492761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             124644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              83355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             294324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             240703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1755062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            92934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            26300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            67701                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186935                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              519275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              585695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              124644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              109655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              294324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              308404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1941997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             519275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             585695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             124644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             109655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             294324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             308404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1941997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           238474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            16794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            17979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          76068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          18194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          21500                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115762                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            314542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             34988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             39479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           314542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            34988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            39479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169555248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1119867750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    344601500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1200068749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2834093247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       263498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       263498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1245576490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1752401476                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2997977966                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169555248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2365444240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    344601500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2952470225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      5832071213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169555248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2365444240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    344601500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2952470225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     5832071213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         526783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         731235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         126948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         100149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         298875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         258682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2042672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       169002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        44494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        89201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302697                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          526783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          900237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          126948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          144643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          298875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          347883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2345369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         526783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         900237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         126948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         144643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         298875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         347883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2345369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.326125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.167690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.015227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.069502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.140801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.708333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.408909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.241029                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382435                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.349399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.241892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.015227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.113484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.349399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.241892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.015227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.113484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73591.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66682.609861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75719.951659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66748.359141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9853.945437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29277.555556                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15499.882353                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68460.838188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81507.045395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25897.772723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73591.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67607.300789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75719.951659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74785.841207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14458.294609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73591.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67607.300789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75719.951659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74785.841207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14458.294609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         39694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    140206252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    909595750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    287277500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    979239251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2316318753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       241006                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241006                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1016974010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1489833024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2506807034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    140206252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1926569760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    287277500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2469072275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4823125787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    140206252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1926569760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    287277500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2469072275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4823125787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    272308500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    292895500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    565204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    339653500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    403064000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    742717500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    611962000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    695959500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1307921500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.167690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.069502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.408909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.241029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.113484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.113484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60853.407986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54161.947719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63124.038673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54465.723956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55643.287042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26778.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26778.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55896.120149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69294.559256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63153.298584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60853.407986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55063.729279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63124.038673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62541.408724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59308.991257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60853.407986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55063.729279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63124.038673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62541.408724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59308.991257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1694865618000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9303463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9303463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5047462530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5047462530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5056765993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5056765993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5056765993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5056765993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 53777.242775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53777.242775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121473.395504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121473.395504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121192.714032                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121192.714032                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121192.714032                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121192.714032                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        149207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                11483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.993730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5714463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5714463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4167935030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4167935030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4173649493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4173649493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4173649493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4173649493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.406623                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406623                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82818.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82818.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 246681.760772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246681.760772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 246015.295785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246015.295785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 246015.295785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246015.295785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4913708                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6100                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428235                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3510172                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      671                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 163990                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8423880                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6771                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          210                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  592225                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2758823                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3034                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2761857                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928196841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33463552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33463552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31328637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                169756                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     812549                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4574772                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31328637                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       169756                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           43916482                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22873823                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               87693                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              89172                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8454037                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4935095                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3518942                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              904607153.884767                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              23589687.115233                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025415                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974585                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5650356                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1614853      4.82%      4.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22689020     67.79%     72.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   32419      0.10%     72.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     72.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12179      0.04%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1606      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5069147     15.15%     87.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3522084     10.52%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                529225      1.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  33470533                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6420                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211388                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74806     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1879      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105697     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182585                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73439     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1879      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73439     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148960                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1819515986000     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               38828500      0.00%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              364353500      0.02%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22768442500      1.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1842687610500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981726                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694807                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815839                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4176      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175326     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6783      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5176      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192241                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1907                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1737                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  170                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322020                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.081107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.390979                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29751992000      1.61%      1.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2580511000      0.14%      1.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1810355103000     98.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   110521342                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             787621                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            787571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3734                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3734                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           372342                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           150591                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          133695                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       851659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1370714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               2222373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     27252672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     55368420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           82621092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             203645448                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           10944                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2139903500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1918103434                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2234598905                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1469149                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2954                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2954                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20630                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20630                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         8304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        13238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        33930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        33930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           61                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         4152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf           17                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        15652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1082792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1082792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1098444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2707184                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2201000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               57000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             6188000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               13000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           154562743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17636750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           951958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.193866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           42822968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           952469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.959960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10341081250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   254.383910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    92.394710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   164.415245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.496844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.180458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.321124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         44744661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        44744661                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32943729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7613321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2265918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       42822968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32943729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7613321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2265918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        42822968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32943729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7613321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2265918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       42822968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       526804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       126948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       315301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       969053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       526804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       126948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       315301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        969053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       526804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       126948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       315301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       969053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1804971752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4436657422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6241629174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1804971752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4436657422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6241629174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1804971752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4436657422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6241629174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     33470533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7740269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2581219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43792021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     33470533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7740269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2581219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     43792021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     33470533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7740269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2581219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     43792021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14218.197624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14071.180941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6440.957485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14218.197624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14071.180941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6440.957485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14218.197624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14071.180941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6440.957485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2807                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.765823                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          180                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       298888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       298888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       425836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       298888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       425836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1550155248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3653520809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5203676057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1550155248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3653520809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5203676057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1550155248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3653520809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5203676057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12210.946592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12223.711922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12219.906389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12210.946592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12223.711922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12219.906389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12210.946592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12223.711922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12219.906389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1392214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13295925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1392726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.546691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   254.443226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   126.415700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   131.138886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.496959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.246906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.256131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63306620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63306620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4076279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1084544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2409625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7570448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3214036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       832568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1295168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5341772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       117096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        47935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184359                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       126165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        51769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199291                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7290315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1917112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3704793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12912220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7290315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1917112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3704793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12912220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       721601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        97990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       534145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1353736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       169013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        44495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       596516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       810024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9634                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2159                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7048                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18841                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       890614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       142485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1130661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2163760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       890614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       142485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1130661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2163760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2236149750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9408423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11644573250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1650986010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18036124563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19687110573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28476000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    115371499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    143847499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3887135760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27444548063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31331683823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3887135760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27444548063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31331683823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4797880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1182534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2943770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8924184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3383049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       877063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1891684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6151796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        54983                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21357                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        51770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8180929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2059597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      4835454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15075980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8180929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2059597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      4835454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15075980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.181449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.315336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.131673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076020                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100479                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.128185                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092721                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22820.183182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17613.987775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8601.805116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37104.978312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30235.776682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24304.354652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13189.439555                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16369.395431                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7634.812324                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27281.017370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24273.012037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14480.202898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27281.017370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24273.012037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14480.202898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       642685                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          913                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            30067                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.375096                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   130.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       280644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       280644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       507552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       507552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       788196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       788196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       788196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       788196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        97990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       253501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       351491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        88964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       133459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2159                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5429                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7588                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       142485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       342465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       484950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       142485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       342465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       484950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2032617250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4252838742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6285455992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1553735990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2601199489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4154935479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24156000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     66182251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90338251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3586353240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6854038231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10440391471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3586353240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6854038231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10440391471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    290678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    312039500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    602717500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    359850500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    427676500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    787527000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    650528500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    739716000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1390244500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021694                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100479                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.098740                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037343                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20743.108991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16776.418010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17882.267233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34919.339027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29238.787476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31132.673548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11188.513201                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12190.504881                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11905.409989                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25170.040636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20013.835665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21528.799816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25170.040636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20013.835665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21528.799816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1201953                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1367                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           34                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  142945                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     898873                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      185                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          23                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  58321                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2100826                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1552                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           57                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  201266                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     861128                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      693                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          30                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 861821                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953604102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7738659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7738659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7195320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 44971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     212104                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       948894                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7195320                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        44971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           10028277                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5244710                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24303                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24579                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2108049                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1206835                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    901214                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              922268722.786044                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              31335379.213956                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.032860                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.967140                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1227675                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               413043      5.34%      5.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5041451     65.13%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8548      0.11%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   4999      0.06%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    810      0.01%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1235944     15.97%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 902434     11.66%     98.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                133039      1.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7740268                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                8997141                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          8310458                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           125233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             7551874                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6369180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            84.339066                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 284910                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             13175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3232647                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     11674                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          117                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  217551                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2020818                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2669                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         109                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  82591                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5253465                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14343                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          226                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  300142                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     371576                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5695                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         235                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 377271                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        31002313                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8393929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      36824229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    8997141                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6654090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      8723757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 635832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               9323842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        64126                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        88179                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          311                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2581223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                87099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          27026118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.362542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.315525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                18302361     67.72%     67.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  270640      1.00%     68.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  435105      1.61%     70.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4809867     17.80%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  769933      2.85%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  167503      0.62%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  192346      0.71%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  444449      1.64%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1633914      6.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            27026118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.290209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.187790                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 8441173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              9512814                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  8253964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               165145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                407122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              167309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                12818                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36409694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                40311                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                407122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 8734574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                2556870                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5774789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  8067686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1239186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              35224318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 3572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                388506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 20310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                316059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           23620864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             44017646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        43961139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            52746                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             21667069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1953795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            502665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         59694                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  2961257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3405802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2124807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           397929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          274147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32669106                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             622861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 32140552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            36002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2321360                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1217953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        439629                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27026118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.189240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.607686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15119064     55.94%     55.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2962463     10.96%     66.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1396485      5.17%     72.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5591038     20.69%     92.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             885243      3.28%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             550698      2.04%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             348435      1.29%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             154603      0.57%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18089      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       27026118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  38019     14.73%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     14.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                117677     45.59%     60.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               102444     39.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2440      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             26413495     82.18%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20160      0.06%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8429      0.03%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1220      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3362943     10.46%     92.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2042777      6.36%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            289088      0.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              32140552                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.036715                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     258140                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008032                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          91366801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         35502508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     31706710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             234563                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            114868                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       110893                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              32274032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 122220                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          191624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       457264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1199                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       177923                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4195                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        54966                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                407122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1875775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               219548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34577439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           209711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3405802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2124807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            553318                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 48768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               120434                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         65270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              193084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             31975437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3252613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           165115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1285472                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5280547                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7393667                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2027934                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.031389                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      31851458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     31817603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 18729651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 22311181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.026298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.839474                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2502130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         183232                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           177866                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26618996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.203206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.875540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16042703     60.27%     60.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2256116      8.48%     68.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1167560      4.39%     73.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5327635     20.01%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       518833      1.95%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       187130      0.70%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168998      0.63%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       171142      0.64%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       778879      2.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26618996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            32028137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              32028137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       4895422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      2948538                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      64184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7237241                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    109664                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 30577389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              229570                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1171866      3.66%      3.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        25576585     79.86%     83.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          19753      0.06%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8429      0.03%     83.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1220      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3012722      9.41%     93.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1948474      6.08%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       289088      0.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         32028137                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               778879                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    60296509                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   69467378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         246541                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        3976195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1746763449                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   30858711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     30858711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.004654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.004654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.995368                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.995368                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                42053824                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               22390255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    67731                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   68085                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5172203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                258202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
