
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.137881                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5137881357500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5137881357500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 401147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   797370                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8430324111                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 944704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   609.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   244480058                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485958826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           396800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5697984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           149888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1826880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           430976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2905472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11438656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       396800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       149888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       430976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          977664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6187584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2990080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9177664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             89031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             28545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              6734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             45398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                178729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           96681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               143401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               77230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1109014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               29173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              355571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               83882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              565500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2226337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          77230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          29173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          83882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             190285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1204307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       581968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1786274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1204307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       587486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              77230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1109014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              29173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             355571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              83882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             565500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4012611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         83494                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        76163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       83494                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      76163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5331584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     12032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4872768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5343616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4874432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      188                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            873                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               4953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               4660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5136881165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   83494                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  76163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     78715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      3589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     3988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     3882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     3891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     3845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        38507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      264.993274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     160.426697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     294.053955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15907     41.31%     41.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9655     25.07%     66.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3981     10.34%     76.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2127      5.52%     82.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1469      3.81%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1046      2.72%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          664      1.72%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          555      1.44%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3103      8.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          38507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        21.615365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      121.265146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            3842     99.71%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::256-511             8      0.21%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-767             1      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.760446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.599143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       12.462049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                66      1.71%      1.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 8      0.21%      1.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15              10      0.26%      2.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            3269     84.84%     87.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              44      1.14%     88.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              26      0.67%     88.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             135      3.50%     92.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             114      2.96%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               3      0.08%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              14      0.36%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               8      0.21%     95.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              13      0.34%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               2      0.05%     96.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               2      0.05%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.03%     96.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              96      2.49%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.03%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               5      0.13%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              13      0.34%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               4      0.10%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.03%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             2      0.05%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             5      0.13%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             2      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             4      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      942120750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2504108250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    416530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11309.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30059.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      65566                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     55368                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     32174481.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      75.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     4942580735250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      171564900000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       23734191750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                      5877722                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              425622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             425619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               7303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              7303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             54691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        21472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        21472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             56661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            56661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         2010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         2010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       313168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       498446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       222539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1034159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        44112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        44112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1080281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         4020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         4020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       160913                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       996889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8815488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      9973290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1402560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1402560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            11379870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               30180989                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            18048                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           165986000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           315728000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           815495498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1662343876                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           28017243                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   105452                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64826.295665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3690842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   169644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.756396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50973.887089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.131156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1039.864675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3857.355286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      297.125354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1525.078899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    11.736641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker     0.003210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1792.530465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     5328.582890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.777800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.015867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.058859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.004534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.023271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.027352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.081308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.989171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979492                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 33876235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                33876235                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             323642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             493790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        11848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             159823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             243124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        53625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        12570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             372046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             571492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2280010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1547750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1547750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             119                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              62                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            66599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            37683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            62729                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               167011                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         20790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              323642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              560389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         11848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              159823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              280807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         53625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         12570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              372046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              634221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2447023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             323642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             560389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        11848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             159823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             280807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        53625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        12570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             372046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             634221                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2447023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            15808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             6737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            12987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                48409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           353                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           335                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          73318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          24339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          32507                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             89126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             28638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              6737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             45494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                178573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            89126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            28638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             6737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            45494                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               178573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169347250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    320944500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524048750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    995793999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2013011249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4028327                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3954830                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7983157                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1693147157                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2334278158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4027425315                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169347250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014091657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524048750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3330072157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6040436564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169347250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014091657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524048750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3330072157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6040436564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         329842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         509598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         162165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         247423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        53656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        12571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         378783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         584479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2328419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1547750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1547750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          850                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1666                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       139917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        62022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        95236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           297175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          329842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          649515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          162165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          309445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        53656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        12571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          378783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          679715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2625596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         329842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         649515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         162165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         309445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        53656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        12571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         378783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         679715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2625596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.031021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.017786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.022220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.850602                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.835411                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.851741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524011                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.392425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.341331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.438005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.137219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.092546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.017786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.066931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.137219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.092546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.017786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.066931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72308.817250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74655.617585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 89935.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77786.663203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76676.214599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41583.409056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11411.691218                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11805.462687                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5625.903453                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69565.189901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71808.476882                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30941.161266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72308.817250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70329.340631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 89935.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77786.663203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73198.051545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33826.147088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72308.817250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70329.340631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 89935.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77786.663203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73198.051545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33826.147088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               96681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    96681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          353                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          335                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        32507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         56846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        45493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            83239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        45493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           83239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    139607250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    267153500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    439566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    833607751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682416751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3530353                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3358335                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6888688                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1380972843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1917663842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298636685                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    139607250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1648126343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    439566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2751271593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4981053436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    139607250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1648126343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    439566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2751271593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4981053436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28184001500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30541913500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58725915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    466420500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    840122500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1306543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28650422000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31382036000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60032458000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.850602                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.835411                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412965                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.392425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.341331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.092546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.031703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.092546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59610.269001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62143.172831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77612.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65275.616276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64192.803866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63744.809268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10024.880597                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10012.627907                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56739.095402                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58992.335251                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58027.595345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59610.269001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57550.329737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77612.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65275.616276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60476.811663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59840.380543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59610.269001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57550.329737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77612.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65275.616276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60476.811663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59840.380543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47572                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.093953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000192642009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.093953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428643                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              907                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132008537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132008537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132008537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    132008537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132008537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    132008537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145544.142227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145544.142227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145544.142227                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145544.142227                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145544.142227                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145544.142227                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      46720                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21472                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        21472                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     94282037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94282037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1310743323                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310743323                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     94282037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94282037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     94282037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94282037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.799338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.799338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.459589                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459589                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.799338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.799338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.799338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.799338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 130044.188966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130044.188966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61044.305281                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61044.305281                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 130044.188966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130044.188966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 130044.188966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130044.188966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    53202678                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1873297                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1872762                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7303                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7303                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           935388                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        21472                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             816                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            816                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           157258                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          157258                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1081926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3727147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        42874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       142768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               4994715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     34620672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    124341034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       151600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       524032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          159637338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             270199237                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         3149808                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5231949371                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           868500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2437443949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4869271823                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          23963155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          77561882                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1275815                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               151004                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              151004                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               27777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              27777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1005                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1005                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       287262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio          142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        16180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       313168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        44394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        44394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         2010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  359572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           25                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       143631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           71                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         8090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       160913                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1410472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1410472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         4020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         4020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1575405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 6554984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2375600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              4638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                42000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            143632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              469000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            12075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           194319603                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           306863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            26743757                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1069887436                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   70857782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    144307609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            132405898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     941314                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14024705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   132405898                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          243097330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         113712565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            82467233                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55021807                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13631596                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10001277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3630319                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1016044794.752217                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              53842641.247783                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050326                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949674                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15304700                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                96295      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                130472194     90.41%     90.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58212      0.04%     90.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    49897      0.03%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10001277      6.93%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3630319      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 144308194                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           870298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.224543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          128999874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           870810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           148.137796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     147420132000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   125.471919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   137.049993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   247.702632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.245062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.267676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.483794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        130765185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       130765185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     86225595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     39744393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3029886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      128999874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     86225595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     39744393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3029886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       128999874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     86225595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     39744393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3029886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      128999874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       329843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       162165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       402482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       894490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       329843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       162165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       402482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        894490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       329843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       162165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       402482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       894490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2262698750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5736862789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7999561539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2262698750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5736862789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7999561539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2262698750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5736862789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7999561539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     86555438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     39906558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3432368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129894364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     86555438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     39906558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3432368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    129894364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     86555438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     39906558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3432368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    129894364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13953.064780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14253.712685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8943.153684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13953.064780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14253.712685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8943.153684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13953.064780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14253.712685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8943.153684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.694245                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       378813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       540978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       378813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       540978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       378813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       540978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1937521250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4727163793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6664685043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1937521250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4727163793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6664685043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1937521250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4727163793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6664685043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11947.838621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12478.884814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12319.696999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11947.838621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12478.884814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12319.696999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11947.838621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12478.884814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12319.696999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1638145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19665757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1638657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.001143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   255.173145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   234.203255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    22.623054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.498385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.457428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.044186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88359204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88359204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4868347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2652392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4007715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11528454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3486449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1737919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2850405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8074773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        17966                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        11989                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        30798                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        60753                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8354796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4390311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6858120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19603227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8372762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4402300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6888918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19663980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       361221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       171759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       751040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1284020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       140767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        64096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       121973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       326836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       148377                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        75751                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       181169                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       405297                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       501988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       235855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       873013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1610856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       650365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       311606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1054182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2016153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2368546750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11961749403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14330296153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2359034692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3857271379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6216306071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4727581442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15819020782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20546602224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4727581442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15819020782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20546602224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5229568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2824151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4758755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12812474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3627216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1802015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2972378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8401609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166343                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        87740                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       211967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       466050                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8856784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4626166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7731133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21214083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9023127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4713906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7943100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21680133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.157823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.041035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.891994                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.863358                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.854704                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.869643                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.066104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.132717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13789.942594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15926.913883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11160.492946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36804.709998                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31623.977265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19019.649216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20044.440194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18120.028891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12755.083151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15171.663710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15005.967453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10190.993553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       128848                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            26365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.887085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1547750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1547750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       345273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       345345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        26387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        28058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       371660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       373403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       371660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       373403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       171687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       405767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       577454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        95586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       158011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75736                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       178762                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       254498                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       234112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       501353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       735465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       309848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       680115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       989963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2023850750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5632729880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7656580630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2144841050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3093501359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5238342409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    984108500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2694382756                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3678491256                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4168691800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8726231239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12894923039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5152800300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11420613995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16573414295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30657477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33314384500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63971861500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    501111500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    893222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1394333500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31158588500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34207606500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  65366195000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034642                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.863187                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.843348                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546074                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.064849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11788.025593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13881.685499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13259.204421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34358.687225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32363.540257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33151.757846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12993.932872                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15072.458106                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14453.910270                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17806.399501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17405.363564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17533.020659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16630.090561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16792.180727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16741.448211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2606024060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35944624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     69816061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             64937038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     484528                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6597164                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    64937038                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          120144832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          55989327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36928761                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           27400948                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4904439                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3100845                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1803594                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2475176569.081452                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              130847490.918548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.050210                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.949790                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7263647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                35052      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 64819822     92.84%     92.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   29822      0.04%     92.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27277      0.04%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3100845      4.44%     97.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1803594      2.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  69816412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               29512659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         29512659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           322904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26886254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               26249300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.630931                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 591365                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             64668                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       155365551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          10587640                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     145508462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   29512659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26840665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    143230873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 673912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     95091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             8903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52631                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2801                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          311                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3432374                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               167414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3341                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         154322486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.857387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.033367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                98410042     63.77%     63.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  833989      0.54%     64.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                24035117     15.57%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  597750      0.39%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  798628      0.52%     80.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  859445      0.56%     81.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  568143      0.37%     81.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  716402      0.46%     82.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27502970     17.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           154322486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.189956                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.936556                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10280285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             95091051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 22517334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              5911995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                337607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             283677190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                337607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                12887048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               76613528                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4915145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 25582017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             13802994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             282449598                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               208301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               6363616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 49211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               4861555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          337331977                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            615247721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       378014471                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               38                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            325050122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                12281853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            158846                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        160455                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 28628976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6469632                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3638513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           420201                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          343826                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 280493266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             428842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                278404006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           102314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8748691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13528194                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         64074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    154322486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.804040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.401684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           91177599     59.08%     59.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5361636      3.47%     62.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3887403      2.52%     65.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4108764      2.66%     67.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           21799190     14.13%     81.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3056480      1.98%     83.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           24267786     15.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             453628      0.29%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             210000      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      154322486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2321368     89.34%     89.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   246      0.01%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                217075      8.35%     97.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                59662      2.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            72561      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            268083598     96.29%     96.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               57882      0.02%     96.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                47134      0.02%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6794594      2.44%     98.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3348237      1.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             278404006                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.791929                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2598351                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009333                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         713831099                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        289675272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    276815941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 63                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                70                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             280929766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          708692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1202973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6613                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       660777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       754641                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        21520                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                337607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               71713264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1590839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          280922108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            41019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6469632                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3638513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            247100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                199459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1088059                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        186556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       187873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              374429                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            277824668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6659327                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           530499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9922055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                28210243                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3262728                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.788200                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     277637651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    276815959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                215923076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                354065892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.781707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9085200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         364768                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           325355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    152966387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.777091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.654040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     95002675     62.11%     62.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4175839      2.73%     64.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1266091      0.83%     65.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24954040     16.31%     81.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       981729      0.64%     82.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650164      0.43%     83.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       435006      0.28%     83.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23529501     15.38%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1971342      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    152966387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           137677652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             271835156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8244394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5266658                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     166791                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27802655                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                248203210                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              440588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        43200      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       263446464     96.91%     96.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55564      0.02%     96.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45534      0.02%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5266658      1.94%     98.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2977736      1.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        271835156                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1971342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   431889681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  563202973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         114782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1043065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4908353341                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  137677652                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    271835156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.128473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.128473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.886153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.886153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               369541594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              221773447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    72930                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72968                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                140769340                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               108468562                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               90221682                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                135530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
