
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962815                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962815218500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962815218500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1506000                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1505999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            49787604582                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 317424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    39.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    59372159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      59372159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           724992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24166912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           138560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1080576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26112000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       724992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       138560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          863552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5090112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::tsunami.ide      2659328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7749440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             11328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            377608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             16884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                408000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           79533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::tsunami.ide          41552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               121085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              369363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12312372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               70592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              550524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13303341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         369363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          70592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             439956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2593271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::tsunami.ide          1354854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3948125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2593271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             369363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12312372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1355343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              70592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             550524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17251466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        408000                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       121085                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      408000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     121085                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26099968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     12032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7747840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26112000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7749440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      188                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           3360                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              24971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1962808109000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  408000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 121085                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        66023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      512.666919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     309.343673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     413.043592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15664     23.73%     23.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11865     17.97%     41.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5137      7.78%     49.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3080      4.67%     54.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3330      5.04%     59.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1778      2.69%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1463      2.22%     64.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1306      1.98%     66.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22400     33.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          66023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        74.865981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2190.069327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095           5442     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.225078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.080270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       19.855094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4780     87.75%     87.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              19      0.35%     88.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              16      0.29%     88.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             235      4.31%     92.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              38      0.70%     93.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               9      0.17%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              13      0.24%     93.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              10      0.18%     94.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              23      0.42%     94.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.06%     94.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               2      0.04%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.02%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               7      0.13%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               5      0.09%     94.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.07%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              29      0.53%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              14      0.26%     95.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               6      0.11%     95.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               6      0.11%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             182      3.34%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.02%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.04%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.04%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.02%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.02%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            10      0.18%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             2      0.04%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             5      0.09%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             5      0.09%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             8      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             1      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             2      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             1      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             1      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             2      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2167934250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9814409250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2039060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5316.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24066.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     365758                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     97091                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3709816.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     1840831671000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       65542620000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       56438386500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.membus.throughput                     17291736                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              12414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             12414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             79533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            122803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           122701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        39228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       904540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       943768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1027063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        68738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31201152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31269890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2660288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2660288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            33930178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               33930178                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            10304                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            39224500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1533573250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3826483141                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           43139750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342222                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65256.426750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2542307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   407368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.240812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               8652281750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   55518.260732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3744.767678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4299.632317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1171.746225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      522.019798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.847141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.057141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.065607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.017879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.007965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.995734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        51739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994049                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26946350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26946350                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             527823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             377901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             461413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             449863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1817000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          850078                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               850078                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             135                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           113452                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            85004                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               198456                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              527823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              491353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              461413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              534867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2015456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             527823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             491353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             461413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             534867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2015456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            11331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           270739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2603                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           469                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3072                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           80                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         107000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          15847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             11331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            377739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             16899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            11331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           377739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            16899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    827161250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17596749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    162190250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     79449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    18665549500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       700470                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       348985                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1049455                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       162993                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        93496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       256489                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7343632619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1157201235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8500833854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    827161250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24940381619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    162190250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1236650235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     27166383354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    827161250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24940381619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    162190250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1236650235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    27166383354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         539154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         648640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         463586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         450915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2102295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       850078                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           850078                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       100851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           321303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          539154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          869092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          463586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          551766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2423598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         539154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         869092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         463586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         551766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2423598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.021016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.417395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.004687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.002333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.135706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.950694                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.870130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.937443                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712644                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.792079                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.755319                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.485366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382340                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.021016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.434636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.004687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.030627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.168403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.021016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.434636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.004687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.168403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72999.845556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64995.250038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74638.863323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75521.863118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65425.435076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   269.101037                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   744.104478                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   341.619466                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2628.919355                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1168.700000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1806.260563                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68632.080551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73023.363097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69198.546599                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72999.845556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66025.434543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74638.863323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73178.900231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66561.107051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72999.845556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66025.434543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74638.863323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73178.900231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66561.107051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2603                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          469                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3072                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           80                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       107000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       377739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       377739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    682834500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14211900500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    134094500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15095105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26034602                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4690469                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30725071                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       620062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       800080                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1420142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5999575381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    958453765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958029146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    682834500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20211475881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    134094500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1024729765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22053134646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    682834500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20211475881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    134094500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1024729765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22053134646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    941946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    449028500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1390974500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1618783500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    858261500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2477045000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2560729500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1307290000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3868019500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.021011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.417395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.950694                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.870130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937443                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712644                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.792079                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755319                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.485366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.021011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.434636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.168399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.021011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.434636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60278.469280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52492.993252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61937.413395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        63000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52912.555559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10001.767960                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.650716                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56070.797953                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60481.716729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56639.797032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60278.469280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53506.457848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61937.413395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60638.485413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54034.451306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60278.469280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53506.457848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61937.413395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60638.485413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54034.451306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41699                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.569942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1756486320000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.569942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375552                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              176                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21474383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21474383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21474383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21474383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21474383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21474383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122013.539773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.539773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      41552                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12321383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12321383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2504351556                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2504351556                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12321383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12321383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12321383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12321383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70007.857955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70007.857955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 60270.301213                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60270.301213                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     6067147                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7765                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  524069                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    4265547                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      910                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         133                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 202595                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    10332694                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8675                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          343                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  726664                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3354719                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3984                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3358703                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3925630437                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38276405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38276405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             35596815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                153493                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     936479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4465105                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    35596815                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       153493                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           48919188                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          26532196                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               75000                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              75910                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     10365856                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6090539                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   4275317                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3742236660.998093                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              183393776.001907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.046717                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.953283                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5694884                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2096297      5.48%      5.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24983670     65.26%     70.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   39322      0.10%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  24596      0.06%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1883      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6232893     16.28%     87.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                4280562     11.18%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                626200      1.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  38285423                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    4863                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    138357                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   44808     38.76%     38.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.11%     38.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1975      1.71%     40.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     16      0.01%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  68665     59.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              115595                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    44283     48.84%     48.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.14%     48.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1975      2.18%     51.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      16      0.02%     51.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   44267     48.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                90672                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1909699143000     97.29%     97.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               95243500      0.00%     97.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              764380500      0.04%     97.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               12585500      0.00%     97.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            52243094000      2.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1962814446500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.988283                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.644681                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.784394                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.42%      3.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        20      8.55%     11.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.71%     13.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.10%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.43%     28.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      4.27%     32.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.27%     36.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.56%     39.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.43%     39.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.28%     41.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        8      3.42%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.85%     45.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       39     16.67%     61.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.28%     63.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.27%     67.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.27%     71.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.43%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.56%     74.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       27     11.54%     86.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.28%     87.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        7      2.99%     90.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.43%     91.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.28%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      3.85%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.85%     97.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.85%     97.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.43%     98.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.85%     99.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   234                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   86      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2216      1.80%      1.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.04%      1.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      1.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               109456     88.95%     90.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6662      5.41%     96.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4016      3.26%     99.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 394      0.32%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     139      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                123047                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5724                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1372                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1371                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1372                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.239518                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.386556                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1959023925000     99.81%     99.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3790517000      0.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2217                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   109416622                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2148133                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2148118                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12414                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12414                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           850078                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41558                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4615                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1065                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5680                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           322069                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          322069                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1078328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2181300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       927173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1598235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5785036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     34505856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     81606637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     29669504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     63812309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          209594306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             209584002                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         5180608                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5075622491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2428486244                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4030575545                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy        2086565739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy        2646502814                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1391048                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               53966                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              53966                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        10614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        39228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  122684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        42456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        68738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2730370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2730370                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              9969000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           374413689                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            26814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42018250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           538541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.393356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           37746250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           539053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.023263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      40276505250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.393356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.992956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         38824598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        38824598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     37746250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       37746250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     37746250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        37746250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     37746250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       37746250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       539174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       539174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       539174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        539174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       539174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       539174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7756302744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7756302744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7756302744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7756302744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7756302744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7756302744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     38285424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38285424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     38285424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38285424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     38285424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38285424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14385.528130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14385.528130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14385.528130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14385.528130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14385.528130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14385.528130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       539174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       539174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       539174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       539174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       539174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       539174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6673548256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6673548256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6673548256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6673548256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6673548256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6673548256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12377.355466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12377.355466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12377.355466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12377.355466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12377.355466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12377.355466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           871192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.742326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9465806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           871704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.858968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        108210250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   481.742326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.940903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42232679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42232679                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5299779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5299779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3905718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3905718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       124794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       124794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       131579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       131579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9205497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9205497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9205497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9205497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       645318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       645318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       224183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       224183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7829                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7829                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          497                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          497                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       869501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        869501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       869501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       869501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23374202500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23374202500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9262527483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9262527483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    102834500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    102834500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3584562                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3584562                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32636729983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32636729983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32636729983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32636729983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5945097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5945097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4129901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4129901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       132623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       132623                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       132076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       132076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10074998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10074998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10074998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10074998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059032                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059032                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003763                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36221.215742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36221.215742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41316.814758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41316.814758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13135.074722                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13135.074722                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7212.398390                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7212.398390                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37535.011441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37535.011441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37535.011441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37535.011441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       405151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           405151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       645318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       645318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       224183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7829                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7829                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          497                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       869501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       869501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       869501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       869501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21958327500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21958327500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8765186517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8765186517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87163500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87163500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2590438                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2590438                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30723514017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30723514017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30723514017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30723514017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1004927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1004927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1718158000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1718158000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2723085000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2723085000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054283                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054283                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059032                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059032                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34027.142432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34027.142432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39098.354991                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39098.354991                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11133.414229                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11133.414229                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5212.148893                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5212.148893                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35334.650583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35334.650583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35334.650583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35334.650583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     3617054                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  205337                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2433875                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      235                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          24                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  89739                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     6050929                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2855                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           24                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  295076                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1988100                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1064                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1989164                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3923841470                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21095754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     21095754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             19410964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                175175                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     648514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2286581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    19410964                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       175175                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           26520307                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          14289908                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               90745                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              92744                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6073169                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3630901                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2442268                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3837673362.965370                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              86168107.034630                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.021960                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.978040                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          3165037                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1250062      5.92%      5.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 13186802     62.50%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   30198      0.14%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  13644      0.06%     68.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1759      0.01%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3726078     17.66%     86.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2443288     11.58%     97.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                446802      2.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  21098633                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3863                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    100733                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   37218     40.29%     40.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1970      2.13%     42.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     86      0.09%     42.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  53108     57.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               92382                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    36366     48.68%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1970      2.64%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      86      0.12%     51.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   36280     48.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                74702                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1906657223000     97.18%     97.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              706239500      0.04%     97.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               59367000      0.00%     97.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            54497875500      2.78%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1961920705000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977108                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.683136                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.808621                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        10     10.87%     10.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      9.78%     20.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      1.09%     21.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        5      5.43%     27.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      3.26%     30.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      3.26%     33.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        3      3.26%     36.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       15     16.30%     53.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      3.26%     56.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      1.09%     57.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       27     29.35%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        9      9.78%     96.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      3.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    92                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   16      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2020      2.13%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                87059     91.90%     94.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2187      2.31%     96.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     96.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3266      3.45%     99.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 121      0.13%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 94732                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2415                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                367                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2037                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                415                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  367                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   48                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.171843                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.023564                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.172235                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       65779284000      3.35%      3.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1486343500      0.08%      3.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1893759051500     96.57%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2021                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           463035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          500.061178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           20635046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           463547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.515542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      97712638250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   500.061178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.976682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21562220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        21562220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     20635046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       20635046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     20635046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        20635046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     20635046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       20635046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       463587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       463587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       463587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        463587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       463587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       463587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6202855739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6202855739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6202855739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6202855739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6202855739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6202855739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     21098633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21098633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     21098633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     21098633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     21098633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     21098633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13380.133047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.133047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13380.133047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.133047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13380.133047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.133047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       463587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       463587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       463587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       463587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       463587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       463587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5274833261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5274833261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5274833261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5274833261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5274833261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5274833261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11378.302802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11378.302802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11378.302802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11378.302802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11378.302802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11378.302802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           581700                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.027042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            5462019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           582040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.384267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      61159690250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   492.027042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.960990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.664062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24828314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24828314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      3080149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3080149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      2259986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2259986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        60927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        60927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        71555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        71555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      5340135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         5340135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      5340135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        5340135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       473178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       473178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       102501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       102501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          568                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          568                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       575679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        575679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       575679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       575679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5938208750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5938208750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2338814234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2338814234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    149892750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    149892750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4181580                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4181580                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8277022984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8277022984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8277022984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8277022984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3553327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3553327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2362487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2362487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        72598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        72123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        72123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      5915814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5915814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      5915814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5915814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007875                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007875                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12549.629843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12549.629843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22817.477234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22817.477234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12843.179676                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12843.179676                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7361.936620                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7361.936620                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14377.844222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14377.844222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14377.844222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14377.844222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       444927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           444927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       473178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       473178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       102501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       102501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11671                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11671                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          568                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       575679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       575679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       575679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       575679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4991497250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4991497250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2127317766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127317766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    126550250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126550250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3045420                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3045420                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7118815016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7118815016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7118815016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7118815016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    479658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    479658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    907862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    907862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1387520500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1387520500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160762                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160762                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007875                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007875                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10548.878540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10548.878540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20754.117189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20754.117189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10843.136835                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10843.136835                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5361.654930                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5361.654930                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12365.945285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12365.945285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12365.945285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12365.945285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
